<prompt>
Please write a relatable Kongo children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper Kongo (KG).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-1.5-flash-8b</model>

<lang_id>kg</lang_id>

<title>N’suka ya N’kele ya Malu</title><body>
N’kumbu ya Nzambi, o Nzambi a ngangu, a lweti, ye a nkwikizi!

(The name of God, the God of wisdom, strength, and faith!)

Muna n’koko ya mbandu, kuna kinsansa ya Kasaï, kuna yakala mosi, Mbeni, kalanga ngolo ye makwetu, vatu kavangidi  yau mbalu. Ngana diampasi ye diadinga muna nkanu kiau, diadi kala se nding'olo. Kansi, mu kazaku, Mbeni kavangidi muana mosi a nkaz’andi,  mpumpa nge-nge-nge, yo songa, kadi, kima kiambote kavangidi Nzambi.  N’kumbu, Dunga, diadi lumbu yau ya mbandu. 

(In the ancient times, in the fertile lands of Kasaï, lived a man, Mbeni, strong and generous, whose clothes were like worn-out fabrics.  Life was hard, full of troubles and quarrels for them, a very arduous existence.  But, one day, Mbeni’s wife gave birth to a baby, a cute, lovely little girl and so beautiful, an evidence that God had given them a gift.  The little girl’s name was Dunga.)

Mbeni ye nkaz’andi bakala ye nkutu ya mfuka, ya luvubu. Yau y’okulonga Dunga, y’olukala n’tukula nkanda kiakala yau ya luyalu ya mavangu ma Nzambi.  Mu kinsansa kiaki, bantu yakala ye ntendulu ya nzovu, bakala ye nkumbu yau, a nlongi a mavangu. Dunga, kafwene ngangu y’esumaka muna nsansa, kavangama mu ntumbu ya ntungu. Kana mwana mosi y’e ngindu zakonto kana ntete, kadi yau kala mvevo ku mfumu  ku yau.

(Mbeni and his wife owned a small farm, with the help of other family members. They educated Dunga and taught her God’s ways. The villages were rich in wise and resourceful elephants known as N'samu, masters of instruction.  Dunga grew intelligent and insightful for her age. Dunga stood out amongst her peers, her eyes shone with intelligence, proving an early leader among the children.)

Ikuma mu kinsansa, ndola ya mbang’ola ya mbele yabuka. Nkanu m’kala ovioka, bantu babakala ye ntama ya ndofi y’ovinga yo ntoto ye muvu, otele y’olole ye luketo.  Nsakila kakala vamosi ye Dunga obuka. Itima yakaka yayele muna nzo, kayisonga madianda a mbandu. Ntete Dunga kayisongwanga ntomo, kansi kavangila. 

(Across the village, rumours of the wicked attacks spread like wildfire.  Conflicts intensified, the villagers fought over fertile lands and resources.  The whole land suffered the consequences of theft, looting, and hunger.  A famine began and the village found itself at its lowest ebb. Dunga tried to assist the suffering village. She would collect wild fruits and leaves that provided her neighbours relief.)

Dunga, kayisongwanga madia a y’oluvuka, ekuma kana ntete kana  bantu bakala nkutu. Kikalanga yau kumosi ye mvene a madi. Vava yakala ye ntoko a nkal'ambula , Dunga kawuluka nsatu a mawisi ma  nsi a nkongo ya mvimba. Itima yankaka yakala ye Dunga. Mu mavangu mama a kwikizi ya ndola mu kinsansa, i nti kiambote kiakafila mbeni. Mbena obungekama,  Mbena ovilukidila ,Mbena e nzala ye mbeni. Kumosi baviokele nsongi za kankavu, yavumbula, kumosi babukidi  makumisi ma nkal’avuluka. 

(Dunga would share her meager food with anyone hungry, irrespective of their social status. She helped and supported many individuals. The more she shared, the more she understood the people and their needs. Dunga was at the front, showing empathy for everyone’s misfortunes.  With her compassionate nature and desire to see peace in her village, Dunga became an outstanding model. She worked with others to mitigate the challenges and together, they found solutions to their problems.)

Nga vava , o Nkengi ya luzolo a Dunga vavioka, e ngangu zandi ye lutanu, ovilambilula nkanu. Dunga kavilambula kintutu kia nkanga ku nkongo  y’okala vamosi , kana e luketo kana ntekele a nkanga yafutulula, e  ngangu a Dunga yasongw’esuma. Nsingu za nkongo yamvuka, ye nsansa kumbamutukila , muna kunda. E kwikizi ye luvubu ya Dunga, yamutukisa kimu y’ebend a  ngwizani .  

(At last, Dunga’s compassionate spirit was seen and the people looked to her wisdom and maturity.  The animosity was eased and a bond between the various villagers formed once more. The hardship had not only broken them but strengthened them too. Dunga’s love and strength helped bring them all together.  The whole community renewed their vows to remain a single unit).


Ngana diambu kavangidila Nzambi mu kuma kia Dunga ye nsansa; Dunga katadidila nkanda ya nsangu ya kwikizi , ye luvubu, ye ngangu;  mavwanga mafonga nkeni kunkondi mu nkinsi.

(Such was God's gift to Dunga and the village.  Dunga showed the importance of faith, kindness, and knowledge.  And the fame of her deeds echoed throughout the surrounding villages).


*Ntukudi*  o Nzambi ya ngangu, nti ki’nsungi, ye n’kunda,  o’sungila, y’ekele.


(Bless and protect the God of wisdom, and the land, prosperity and peace).
</body>