<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Isla and the Icy Island'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Isla and the Icy Island</title><body>
Once upon a time, nestled amongst a sea of shimmering, slightly grumpy water (water rarely *felt* cheerful, Isla had observed), lived a small girl named Isla. Isla wasn't like other children who collected seashells or built sandcastles. Oh no! Isla collected peculiar things. Her most prized possession? A collection of mismatched socks. Some striped, some spotty, some with little fluffy animals dangling off them – she had socks for every occasion (and every toe, of course!).

One particularly blustery Tuesday (Tuesdays were generally known for their bluster, apparently), Isla was rummaging through her collection – searching for a sock that matched her left-footed, polka-dotted boot (a rare occurrence, finding a matching pair in Isla's world). As she plunged her arm into a chest overflowing with knitted chaos, her hand bumped something cold, something unexpectedly… chilly.

"Ooh!" Isla yelped, pulling her arm out. In her hand was a small, glistening ice cube, not just any ice cube, mind you, this one was shaped like a miniature penguin wearing a tiny, knitted hat!

"Good heavens!" Isla exclaimed, staring at the ice-penguin. Where on earth (or sea, as the case may be) did *that* come from?

Just then, a strong gust of wind ripped through Isla's bedroom window (which she'd foolishly left ajar, because closing things felt like... well, *work*). The ice-penguin quivered and wobbled, and before Isla could even blink, it slid right off her palm and, with a tiny *plink*, disappeared into the depths of the sock chest.

Isla, always ready for an adventure (and possibly, in denial about how much work it actually *was*), dove headfirst into the sock mountain. She scrabbled, she burrowed, she wrestled rogue fluffy bunnies that had somehow hitched a ride. Finally, her hand brushed against something cold *again*. This time, it was a small, perfectly formed iceberg! And perched on top, looking as smug as an iceberg could possibly look, was the penguin, its little hat slightly askew.

Suddenly, the iceberg began to shimmer. It glowed with an internal light, and before Isla could say "Button-nosed barnacle!", the iceberg had transformed. Not into a boat, or a house, or even a giant sock (which Isla secretly hoped for), but into a miniature, *actual* island! A frosty, glittering island complete with miniature ice-bergs (of course), tiny snow-covered trees, and a miniature castle made entirely of… you guessed it, ice!

"Well, this is unexpected," Isla said, scratching her head.

The ice-penguin, from his perch on a particularly pointy ice spire, simply blinked.

A tiny, crisp voice, like the sound of a thousand tiny snowballs tapping together, whispered, "Welcome… to Icy Island!"

Isla, never one to refuse a good adventure (and secretly craving an escape from her ever-growing sock-sorting task) stepped onto the miniature island. The cold instantly prickled her toes, but she was too curious to care.

The tiny island was not alone in the sock chest, or rather, it wasn’t quite in it: they sat hovering above her socks in some sort of interdimensional pocket dimension. It was filled with all sorts of interesting things: there was an icy pond filled with miniature ice-fish that sang operatic arias when you tickled their bellies; snow-covered mountains which occasionally emitted puffs of glitter (the glitter made everything smell faintly of sherbert lemons, a pleasant side-effect); and a tiny ice-castle that looked alarmingly similar to her neighbour, Mrs. Higgins' house – but made of ice!

The penguin, apparently, was the ruler of Icy Island. "I am Captain Quibble," he announced in his tiny, crisp voice. "And you, my friend, are our first visitor!"

"Wow!" Isla exclaimed. "This is amazing!"

"Indeed," Captain Quibble agreed. "Although, we do have a slight problem." He gestured towards a looming shadow creeping across the island. "We're running out of… frost!"

Isla looked around. It was true. The ice-castle looked a bit less shiny, the snow trees were looking a bit bare, and even the ice-fish’s arias seemed a little… flat.

"But… why?" Isla asked, wrapping her arms around herself to ward off the chilling cold.

"Aha!" Captain Quibble chirped, waddling to the edge of an ice-berg. "The Great Warmth Thief! He has stolen all our… *froooooost*!"

Just then, a voice boomed, a voice that sounded vaguely like a grumpy teapot, “Ho ho ho! I have! And you can’t have it back! It’s mine, all mine!”

Isla jumped. She looked around but she couldn't see anyone.

Captain Quibble stamped his tiny webbed foot, “Reveal yourself, you icy villain!”

Suddenly, from behind a particularly tall ice-peak, appeared… a melted snowman! A giant, wobbly snowman, slumped over in a puddle of water.

"I am Frosty the... *sputter* … Former Snowman!” the melted snowman mumbled miserably. “And I… *slurp* …stole your frost because I was… *shiver* … too warm!”

Isla stared at the soggy snowman. He looked rather… pathetic. He even had his carrot nose drooping sadly.

"But… how did you steal the frost?" Isla questioned, because, like a true adventurer, she valued logic.

Frosty, wiping a dripping icicle from his melted eye, mumbled, “Well, I saw a really good… *slosh* …deal on a beach… *gurgle* …and it felt way too hot!”

Captain Quibble sighed a penguin-like sigh. "He used a magic melting… *sniffle* …blanket!”

Isla’s brow furrowed. “A magic melting blanket? What’s that?"

Captain Quibble explained, "A magic melting blanket is the only way for snowmen to visit tropical islands, in summer, apparently."

Isla, who had heard of those, was now even more concerned. "So, how do we get your frost back?" she asked, suddenly deciding this was far more interesting than matching socks.

Captain Quibble straightened up (as much as a tiny penguin could straighten). “We need to get that blanket back, so he has no other ways to steal our frost, he needs a cooler!”

“Well, what are we waiting for?!” Isla announced, already bounding toward Frosty, who was attempting to use his carrot nose as a drinking straw.

And so, the adventure began!

First, they needed a plan. After several brainstorming sessions (which mostly involved Isla asking questions, Captain Quibble pacing anxiously, and Frosty repeatedly muttering about “pineapple on pizza,” – apparently, his favourite subject was being tropical).

Isla formulated a cunning plan.

"Okay," Isla said, "Firstly, we need to distract him."

"With what?" Captain Quibble questioned, fidgeting with his hat. "I am quite the un-distractible sort" he went on, a slight boast in his voice.

Isla, undeterred, continued, “Next, we need to get near the blanket, and steal it from him".

"How" was Frosty's wet contribution, not even looking up from his drink.

Isla’s third item in her plan went “we use Captain Quibble to… distract him” Isla gave Captain Quibble a nod.

After a moments hesitation and a puff of bravery Captain Quibble began waddling directly towards the dripping pile of melting, "Right then, Mr... Frosty isn't it? How about some opera? I could do with testing out my vocals…"

As the tiny penguin began to attempt an opera, much to Frosty's, ears, ears - Frosty turned away. It was clearly having the required effect of a rather distracted snowman. Isla leapt to the moment, quickly, while they had their window of opportunity to approach the blanket, which seemed more like a normal beach blanket in her mind's eye. Isla did a speedy dodge behind a ice-berg. This lead directly behind the blanket. Her little plan going as swiftly as the ice-water pouring down the frosty snowman, as Captain Quibble sang away.

With the help of a discarded, slightly soggy, scarf Isla grabbed the blanket.

"Now what!" exclaimed Quibble from infront the now slightly amused snowman.

Isla smiled a cunning smile. “We wrap him up in the blanket to see what’ll happen!”.

They proceeded to do this.

Wrapping Frosty completely, everything turned… normal, suddenly a cold breeze of air came and it felt good! In the blink of an eye. Isla, Captain Quibble, and even Frosty himself had regained a familiar snowy, fresh coolness! The entire Icy Island regained its glorious shimmering appearance.

As for what happened next, Frosty started to be himself again!

Captain Quibble had the grandest of ice balls (or rather, snowflake gatherings) and Isla was offered honorary royalty of the Ice Kingdom - on the condition she came back every week. Of course she accepted. Her sock chest grew, the items went back to how they always were, but always that magical frosty feeling!

And so, Isla and Captain Quibble remained great friends, going on all sorts of adventures, both inside the sock chest and beyond, always with a spare pair of socks tucked away – you never know when an icy island might need saving.