<prompt>
Please write a silly English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Zack Zips Zealous Zebras'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Zack Zips Zealous Zebras</title><body>
Once upon a time, in a land brimming with bouncy bushes and giggling geysers, lived a boy named Zack. Zack wasn't just any ordinary boy; he possessed an extraordinary enthusiasm for… well, zebras! Not just admiring zebras, mind you, but *zapping* zebras. And not in a zap-them-with-a-laser-beam kind of way. Zack, you see, used a Zizzing Zoomer – a contraption he'd invented himself, fueled by fizzy lemonade and the sheer power of giggles.

Zack’s Zizzing Zoomer looked like a giant, multi-coloured, wobbly snail, but it zoomed incredibly quickly. It had buttons that jiggled, levers that laughed, and a horn that honked out a polka tune. Zack, in his zebra-striped overalls (of course!), spent his days dreaming of the day he could zip across the zebra-populated plains.

One sunny Tuesday (Tuesdays were notoriously the zaniest days in that land), Zack woke with a particularly zealous zing in his step. He skipped his breakfast of scrambled snails and strawberry smoothies (zebras, you see, *hated* snails, which gave Zack a tactical advantage) and bolted for his workshop.

"Today's the day!" he declared to his collection of slightly dusty juggling jellybeans. "Today, I zip some zebras!"

He revved up the Zizzing Zoomer, making sure the lemonade tank was full (a half-empty tank made for seriously slow zipping and, as he’d discovered, rather grumpy giggles). He packed a picnic basket overflowing with Zebra-Whispering Waffles (zebras found them irresistible), a jar of bouncy blueberry jam, and a book of Zebra Zany Jokes. He even brought a zebra-shaped whistle – just in case.

With a final "Zoom!" and a hearty chuckle from the Zoomer's polka-honking horn, Zack zipped out of his workshop and into the wild.

The plains shimmered in the sunshine, and Zack could already spot his striped subjects. Zebras, in various states of zebra-ness (some were nibbling grass, others were having a lively chat, and one particularly sleepy zebra was snoring like a lawnmower) dotted the landscape.

Zack, navigating with the Zoomer's wobbly joystick, approached cautiously. He knew zebras. They were, on the whole, rather… zealous. Excited zebras could kick up an awful lot of dust, and that would clog the Zoomer's giggle-powered engine something awful.

He spotted a group of five zebras, munching contentedly. This looked like a good place to start.

He gently tapped a button on the Zoomer, and a cloud of Zebra-Whispering Waffles wafted towards the herd.

The zebras paused, their ears perked up. They twitched their noses, sniffing the air with the seriousness only a zebra dedicated to waffles can possess.

“Well, hello there!” chirped Zack, hopping out of the Zoomer (which, in response to the sudden halt, honked a particularly loud polka). "Anyone fancy a zip?"

The zebras exchanged bewildered glances. One of them, a zebra with particularly bright stripes named Zinnia, cautiously approached. "A zip? With… that?” she inquired, eyeing the Zizzing Zoomer with a mixture of curiosity and concern.

“Indeed!” exclaimed Zack, puffing out his chest. "I, Zack, will zip you! Prepare for the most exhilarating, giggle-inducing, polka-horn-honking ride of your lives!”

Zinnia and the other zebras clearly weren’t used to this sort of thing. Zack could see it in their zebra eyes. However, the lure of Zebra-Whispering Waffles was too strong.

“Alright,” Zinnia said, taking a tentative step forward. “But if you try to tickle us, we’ll kick.”

“No tickling here!” Zack promised, winking. He hopped back onto the Zoomer and, with a dramatic flourish, adjusted the speed dial to ‘Gentle Zephyr’. “Now, hop aboard! Three at a time. There’s plenty of bouncy blueberry jam for everyone.”

With some gentle nudging (and a generous amount of jam), the zebras managed to squeeze onto the back of the Zoomer. Zack grinned, put the pedal to the metal (or, well, the giggle-power accelerator), and off they went!

The Zizzing Zoomer zipped, and the zebras whooped with glee (and the occasional kick, aimed more at each other than Zack). Zack guided the Zoomer in circles, occasionally dodging a particularly bouncy bush, and narrating the journey with a series of Zebra Zany Jokes. He tried:

“Why don’t zebras play hide and seek?”

The zebras, distracted by the scenery, simply looked at him.

“Because they’re always striped!” Zack announced with a giggle, the polka-horn honking for emphasis.

This earned a few chuckles (mostly from Zack), but no actual zip-inspired response.

He tried another: "What do you call a zebra who works in a library?"

Still nothing, they just stared blankly.

"A bibli-zebra-ian!"

Even the Zebras-Whispering Waffles didn’t quite win them over as well. But as the Zoomer weaved and wobbled across the plains, the zebras eventually warmed to the novelty of being zipped. They discovered a love for speed and blueberry jam and found Zack’s silly jokes, if not side-splitting, at least amusing.

After an hour or two of zipping, zooming, and sharing bouncy blueberry jam, the zebras began to tire. Even the most zealous of zebras needed a break from the excitement.

Zack, sensing their weariness, steered the Zoomer towards a grove of giggling green trees. "Time for a rest!" he announced, turning off the giggle power. "And maybe some more waffles!"

They all piled out of the Zoomer. Zack distributed the last of the Zebra-Whispering Waffles and sat down, sighing contentedly.

"Well," he said, wiping a bit of blueberry jam from his cheek, "That was fun, wasn't it?"

Zinnia, now sporting a coating of jam, gave a happy zebra nod. “Indeed! Though I think I need a lie down after all that.”

"And I must say, that polka horn is truly something!" added a zebra named Ziggy.

The other zebras murmured in agreement. Zack, delighted, began planning his next zebra-zipping adventure.

He decided to expand. He set up a schedule. Monday was "Magenta Mane Mondays" where he could put a bow on each zebra's mane and zoom around. Tuesdays were "Terrific Tail-Twirling Tuesday" which featured an opportunity to decorate their tail. And, of course, he needed to make a more comfortable ride to enhance "Wednesday Waffle Zipping", perhaps adding a little cushioned bench and maybe some snacks.

From that day on, Zack Zipped Zebras whenever he could, becoming a local legend. He built new, improved Zoomers (including one with a built-in bouncy castle – zebras, it turned out, *loved* bouncy castles) and, as word spread, zebras from far and wide lined up for a chance to be zipped by Zack.

And Zack, fueled by lemonade, laughter, and the pure joy of zebras, continued his adventures, honking his polka horn, zipping and zooming, and sharing his silly Zebra Zany Jokes across the land for years to come, never once forgetting the fun of the time he zipped those first zealous zebras, and always prepared with enough waffles and jam for everyone, and a whistle for anyone who needed it!
</body>