<prompt>
Please write a dialog-based English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Sleepwalking Sheep That Dreamed of Becoming a Rockstar'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Sleepwalking Sheep That Dreamed of Becoming a Rockstar</title>
<body>
Barnaby the sheep was, to put it mildly, a bit different. While the other sheep in Farmer Giles’s field munched contentedly on grass, Barnaby dreamt of stadiums, flashing lights, and roaring crowds. He wasn't interested in woolly sweaters; he wanted to rock! And Barnaby had a secret: he was a sleepwalker.

One breezy evening, nestled in his woolly bed in the sheep pen, Barnaby was pretending his fluffy pillow was a microphone.

“Alright, woolly fans!” he’d bleat in his head, imagining himself on stage. “Are you ready to…baaaaaa-rock?!”

Suddenly, his eyes fluttered closed. He sat up, but his eyes remained tightly shut. He swung his legs over the side of the bed and mumbled, “Gonna…gonna… rock.”

Nearby, little Lily the lamb, with her fluffy white coat and curious eyes, was still awake. She blinked in surprise as she saw Barnaby start to move.

“Barnaby?” she peeped, her voice small. “What are you doing?”

Barnaby, still asleep, ambled out of his bed, mumbling lyrics that were completely made up on the spot.

“Baa, baa, black sheep, gotta get my gear! Baa, baa, black sheep, banish all fear!”

Lily watched him, puzzled. “But… Barnaby, it’s bedtime!”

Barnaby ignored her, his legs carrying him through the gap in the fence. He was heading towards Farmer Giles’s old tractor shed. Inside, nestled under a dusty tarpaulin, lay a collection of forgotten things. Among them, a rusty old bucket.

"Woah! Awesome stage!" Barnaby declared, swaying in front of the bucket. He started to mime playing an air guitar.

Lily hurried after him, struggling to keep up. “Barnaby! Are you alright? What are you doing with the bucket?”

Barnaby didn't answer. Instead, he let out a bleating cry. “I’m gonna rock this town!”

He used the bucket as a microphone.

Suddenly, Whiskers, the barn cat, yawned sleepily. He had been enjoying a late-night patrol of the property when he witnessed Barnaby's erratic behaviour. Whiskers approached Lily.

"He’s sleepwalking, little lamb," Whiskers purred, shaking his head. “He does this every so often. Bit of a rockstar wannabe, our Barnaby is. Now, be quiet! It’s my beauty sleep."

Lily was still watching Barnaby. "But… what’s going on? He doesn't seem real."

"He's as real as the green grass you graze on," Whiskers chuckled. "He won't be awake until he decides he wants to be. Probably, he will be back to his bed shortly. Until then, leave him. Let the rockstar dream!"

Lily frowned. This was the strangest thing she had ever witnessed.

Barnaby, seemingly oblivious to Lily and Whiskers, began singing into the bucket, his bleats a somewhat chaotic, yet strangely energetic, melody. "Baa, baa, shiny stars, burning bright! Baa, baa, playing my guitar all through the night!" He started jumping up and down, pretending to stomp on a stage.

“This is…amazing,” Lily whispered, completely mesmerized. "It's... rock and roll sheep!"

Whiskers watched the performance and smiled. "I have to agree, it is quite a spectacle."

Suddenly, the rickety door of the shed creaked open. Farmer Giles, woken by the noise, peered inside, rubbing his eyes. He saw Barnaby and blinked in amazement.

"Goodness gracious," he muttered. "Barnaby, what on earth are you up to?"

Barnaby, oblivious to Farmer Giles, just kept singing and jumping.

“I need the spotlight!” he declared to his audience of a bucket, Whiskers, Lily, and now, a startled Farmer Giles.

Farmer Giles scratched his head, then chuckled softly. He knew all about Barnaby’s unusual dreams and his occasional sleepwalking performances.

"Alright, Barnaby, alright," he said quietly. "Have at it."

He leaned against the doorframe, watching Barnaby’s performance with amusement.

Whiskers began to purr loudly, enjoying the performance. Lily, also, clapped and cheered loudly, as did Farmer Giles. Even the rooster in the coop started a rhythm-chant.

After a few minutes, Barnaby’s performance gradually started to falter. His bleats became less energetic, his jumps shorter, and his 'air guitar' playing less enthusiastic. Slowly but surely, the magic of rock faded.

Finally, he yawned, blinked, and his eyes flickered open. He stared blankly around at the shed, the bucket, the shocked expressions on the faces of Farmer Giles, Lily, and Whiskers.

“What…what happened?” he mumbled, sounding confused.

Lily, bursting with excitement, stepped forward. "You were awesome, Barnaby! You were… rock and roll sheep!"

Barnaby looked from Lily to Farmer Giles, whose eyes were crinkled in a smile. He glanced at the bucket.

“I… I was playing…?” he asked sheepishly.

“Indeed, you were,” confirmed Farmer Giles. “You were quite the showman, Barnaby.”

Whiskers stretched luxuriously.

Barnaby blushed crimson. He was mortified. This happened from time to time, when he sleepwalked.

He looked at his feet. Then back at the bucket. He wasn't sure whether to feel embarrassed or proud.

“Did…did I sound good?” he mumbled quietly.

Farmer Giles, seeing Barnaby’s apprehension, winked. “You sounded… original, Barnaby. You really brought the… the woolly noise.”

Lily giggled. "It was the best thing I've ever seen!"

Barnaby smiled shyly. He wasn't quite sure how he felt.

Then, Farmer Giles said, "Well, everyone, I think our rockstar needs some sleep."

He gently guided Barnaby back towards the fence.

Barnaby started yawning and shuffled along with him. He felt exhausted. He glanced back at the bucket. He knew his passion remained.

“Thanks, Farmer Giles,” Barnaby mumbled sleepily.

He was feeling so much gratitude, as he imagined his next gig, even though the memory of the bucket was now fading fast.

Back in his bed, curled up on his fluffy pillow, Barnaby thought about the night's events. He dreamt of the bucket. He dreamt of Lily's smile. He even dreamt about Farmer Giles, although usually, he dreamt of stage lights.

He drifted back to sleep, mumbling something about a guitar solo, just before he fell back asleep.

The next morning, Barnaby woke up. He glanced around the field. He wasn't embarrassed anymore. He had a secret he would hold onto until the day he was to take a stage as an actual rockstar.

Lily found him later that day, munching contentedly on grass with the other sheep.

“Barnaby,” she said, approaching him. “Do you remember what you did last night?”

Barnaby looked at her, then his face turned crimson, but he smiled. "Well, yeah."

"Were you playing your songs?" she asked. "Are you planning for your next show?"

Barnaby thought hard for a few seconds. “Maybe,” he said mischievously, giving her a playful nudge with his woolly head. "Maybe tonight! You might have a front row seat!”

Lily giggled and scampered off.

And Barnaby, the sleepwalking sheep who dreamed of becoming a rockstar, happily went back to chewing grass, already planning his next impromptu performance. The sun shone, the grass was green, and the world was a stage – at least in Barnaby's dreams. From the time of his childhood to when he was an adult, Barnaby was a rockstar. Even his family knew his performances were special. And everyone knew Barnaby's love of music, no matter what.
</body>