<prompt>
Please write a dialog-based English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Dragon Who Couldn’t Breathe Smoke and Loved To Sing'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Dragon Who Couldn’t Breathe Smoke and Loved To Sing</title>
<body>
Once upon a time, nestled amongst sparkling, snow-capped mountains and emerald green valleys, lived a dragon named Pip. Now, Pip was not like the other dragons. The other dragons, they could breathe plumes of thick, grey smoke, capable of scorching entire fields. They could roar with a ferocity that shook the very foundations of the mountains. But Pip… Pip couldn't breathe smoke.

“Achoo!” Pip would sneeze, instead, each time he tried. A tiny puff of glittery, rainbow dust would escape his nostrils, causing giggles amongst the fluffy cloud sheep.

One sunny morning, Pip was perched on a high crag, trying, as he did every morning, to breathe smoke. He squeezed his eyes shut, puffed out his chest, and – “Achoo!” – a miniature explosion of sparkly rainbows showered the valley below.

A small, brown bunny rabbit, whose name was Barnaby, hopped into view, his whiskers twitching. “Good morning, Pip!” Barnaby chirped. “Still trying, I see?”

“Morning, Barnaby,” Pip sighed, wiping a little glitter from his snout with his claw. “Yes, still trying. It’s just… I want to be a proper dragon, you know? All the other dragons breathe smoke, they roar, they… well, they dragon.”

“But you’re already a wonderful dragon, Pip!” Barnaby exclaimed. “You're kind, you're gentle, and…” he paused, tilting his head, “you sing the most beautiful songs!”

Pip blushed, a slight rosy hue spreading across his scales. “I… I don’t think singing is very dragon-like.”

Just then, a deep, booming voice echoed from above. “What’s all this chirping I hear?”

Two very large, very grumpy-looking dragons, Reginald and Gertrude, landed heavily on the crag beside Pip. Reginald, a dragon of charcoal grey scales and a perpetual scowl, snorted.

“Reginald! Gertrude!” Pip stammered, bowing his head respectfully.

“What are you doing, Pip?” Gertrude demanded, her scales a dull, dusty brown. “Still failing to breathe smoke? Ridiculous.”

“I…” Pip began, then trailed off. He knew they thought he was a disgrace.

“The annual Dragon Games are next week,” Reginald boomed. “And there are competitions in strength, endurance, and… smoke breathing! What will you do, Pip? Sing us a lullaby?” He let out a harsh, grating laugh that sent a flock of birds scattering.

Gertrude nodded in agreement. “Yes, quite. You’ll be the laughingstock of the whole Dragon Clan.”

Pip's ears drooped. He felt a familiar pang of disappointment.

Barnaby, seeing Pip's dejected expression, hopped closer. "Ignore them, Pip! You'll be amazing, I know it!"

"He's going to hum and hop instead of compete like a REAL dragon," Reginald snorted, then fixed Pip with his baleful glare. "Come along, Gertrude. Let's go find someone useful." The two grumpy dragons flapped their enormous wings and took off.

Pip sat down heavily, letting out a long, sad sigh.

"Don't you worry," Barnaby reassured him, sitting by his feet. "Perhaps... perhaps there's something else you can do to win the games. You're very clever, and quick on your feet!"

Pip didn't know what he could do, but Barnaby's words gave him a little spark of hope. "I do know one thing," he said, a new idea slowly forming. "Maybe singing could be part of it all."

***

Over the next few days, Pip worked tirelessly. He practiced his songs, his voice echoing through the mountains. He composed a new one about the beauty of the valley, with shimmering streams and flowers. He thought it would be useful at some point! He also watched the other dragons, and started to think of ways he might be different, but perhaps better.

Barnaby, meanwhile, helped him. "Your singing, Pip, is really spectacular," he said, as they sat at the base of a waterfall one afternoon. "But perhaps, for the games, we can make some adjustments."

"What do you mean?" asked Pip.

"Well," Barnaby began thoughtfully, twitching his nose. "The games are all about showmanship, aren’t they? Can you sing whilst you also do other things? Sing as you do things. Or in other words, sing it as you play it."

Pip thought about that, but he did not know what games, really, he could compete in, other than to sit still!

The day of the Dragon Games arrived, filled with fanfare, excited chatter, and the heavy smell of scorched earth. Pip watched with a sinking heart as the other dragons strutted and roared. Reginald and Gertrude stood proudly with the other competitors.

The first event was the Strength Test, lifting large boulders. Naturally, Pip was not going to do so well there. The second was a flying endurance race, and third one involved eating flaming hot coals. Again, probably not for Pip.

The final event was, of course, the Smoke Breathing Competition. One by one, dragons stepped forward and belched out clouds of thick, swirling smoke, the air filled with the acrid smell of sulfur. Reginald, of course, was brilliant, billowing out a dark, menacing cloud that caused the judges to applaud and clap.

It was now Pip's turn. He walked, slow and shy, into the centre of the ring, aware of all the curious eyes. The grumpy pair, Reginald and Gertrude, were staring, snorting and laughing silently. Pip closed his eyes and tried to focus. "Oh!" he muttered. He was at a loss.

Then, he remembered Barnaby's words. He remembered the song. Taking a deep breath, Pip began to sing. He let his beautiful voice fill the air with a melody so lovely and unexpected, a song about courage, about acceptance, and about being true to yourself.

The other dragons paused, momentarily stunned by his change of tune, by the change of pace. They had never heard anything like it. His voice, clear and sweet, told of shimmering streams, tall forests and kind spirits.

As he sang, something extraordinary happened. As his voice became louder, a very faint, sparkling, glittery dust began to appear, trailing gently from his nostrils with his every deep breath and the sound. It was as if each breath was an extra note in his beautiful song.

"Achoo!" He sneezed, and the explosion of glitter made the sun shine as though an explosion of glitter!

Barnaby was bouncing excitedly near the edge of the competition area, trying to catch some of the glitter. The cloud sheep let out little 'baaaah's of wonder from their clouds.

Slowly, as the song went on, and as more of the glittery breath floated down, a few of the other dragons found themselves tapping their claws to the rhythm. Even Reginald, whose scowl never left his face, seemed less severe and the glitter dust appeared to fall on his charcoal scales, so as to glint in the sunshine.

As the final notes of Pip’s song rang out, a long moment of silence fell over the arena. Then, a small dragon cub started to clap timidly, before more dragons tentatively clapped along. Then everyone was applauding wildly. The whole arena of Dragons!

The judges, a panel of wise, old, respected dragons, deliberated for a long moment.

Finally, the lead judge announced, “Pip the dragon, your display was... unexpected. And unusual. However, it also demonstrated true talent, true individuality, and an unexpected new talent. You have brought something wonderful and quite beautiful to the Games. You are the winner!”

The crowd erupted with cheers, congratulating Pip, congratulating their amazing competitor.

Even Reginald and Gertrude were somewhat flustered. They grudgingly shuffled over, their earlier smugness vanished.

“Well,” Reginald grumbled, adjusting his scowl. “That was… certainly something, Pip. We were… wrong.”

Gertrude nodded. “Indeed. We apologize.”

Pip beamed. “Thank you!” he said, filled with happiness.

From that day on, Pip continued to sing, filling the valleys with beautiful melodies and an unusual, glittery sparkle that was even more magical than smoke. The Dragon Games changed, too. A new event was added – The Singing Show, and all the dragons knew that the Dragon who couldn’t breathe smoke and loved to sing, was the bravest dragon of all!
</body>