<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Leo Learns to Share Shiny Stones Too'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Leo Learns to Share Shiny Stones Too</title><body>

Leo the lion cub was, to put it mildly, a collector. Not of leaves or sticks, oh no. Leo was after the sparkly, the glimmering, the incredibly shiny stones that speckled the African savanna. They were his treasures, his precious, his absolute favourites. He kept them in a hollow baobab tree, polished to a gleaming perfection with his tongue (which, admittedly, sometimes left them a little slobbery).

One sunny morning, Leo was padding across the savanna, his nose twitching, on the hunt for a particularly spectacular stone. He was thinking of a stone so bright it could outshine the sun itself, a jewel that would make even the giraffes jealous. He finally spotted one. It was nestled amongst the tall golden grass and it winked back at him with a dazzling silver flash.

"Mine!" Leo roared, not wanting any other animal even to *think* about touching it. He pounced, claws extended, ready to scoop it up.

Suddenly, a cheerful voice chirped, “Ooh, what a lovely, shimmery one!”

Leo froze. Standing next to the shiny stone was Penny the parrot. She had brightly coloured feathers and a beak that always seemed to be grinning.

"This… this is MINE," Leo huffed, puffing out his chest.

Penny cocked her head, a shiny emerald feather gleaming. "Are you sure? It's such a pretty one, maybe we could both admire it!"

Leo shook his head vehemently. "No! Sharing is for... for... slowpokes! And… and dullards!" He regretted the "dullards" immediately; it was a particularly unkind word.

Penny blinked. "Dullards? Well, I wouldn't say so. Sharing is rather fun, you see. You get to… well… enjoy things more! I find that is what I enjoy most about having a friend and a garden where I can grow many kinds of fruit." She started pacing on the grass in an agitated fashion.

“It's mine, all mine!” Leo scooped up the silver stone with a swipe of his paw and, with a triumphant grin, he began to race back to his baobab tree.

He made it almost halfway when he bumped smack into Oswald the ostrich. Oswald was tall, even for an ostrich, and rather clumsy.

"Whoa there, cub!" Oswald exclaimed, wobbling precariously. He was balancing an enormous melon on his head. It was the biggest melon Leo had ever seen.

The sudden bump knocked the shiny stone right out of Leo’s paw. It bounced, flipped, and tumbled straight into… the mouth of the melon.

"Oh dear!" Oswald gasped, flapping his giant wings nervously. The melon wobbled more, and then with a tremendous splurch, split in half. The shiny stone was nowhere to be seen, however, its glittering whereabouts remained a mystery.

Leo stared in horror at the ruined melon, the sticky melon juice spreading across the savanna. "My stone! You… you… *melon wrecker*!" he wailed, close to tears.

Oswald, always wanting to make friends, tried to make it better, he was very nice! "Oh, gosh! I am so very sorry! I didn’t mean to, young one, I can't even believe that happened!" He bent down and began to search around the melon remains. "Perhaps we can still find the little shiny fellow! It could have been saved, who knows?"

Penny, who had arrived, swooping down from her flight. "Don't worry, Leo! Accidents happen! But where did the stone go? Maybe inside Oswald's mouth?" she giggled.

Leo frowned and rolled his eyes. He didn't want any advice, just his lost treasure, if he ever would be able to find it again. Oswald, with a concerned frown, was sticking his beak deep into the biggest pieces.

Suddenly, there was a loud, very un-lion-like, “GULP!”

Everyone jumped. It had been so sudden.

“Ahem,” Oswald said, very self-consciously, wincing at the memory. He then tried to clear his throat. But nothing came. He gulped again, and another "GULP!"

“Are you… are you alright, Oswald?" asked Penny, peering at the ostrich closely.

Oswald nodded, looking uncomfortable. “Yes, fine. Just… had a bit of a cough, is all."

Leo's eyes narrowed. “A cough? Did you just…” He trailed off, thinking of the glistening jewel that had disappeared.

Oswald, feeling the accusing glares of the cub, quickly changed the subject and exclaimed to them "Hey, let's continue the search together. Maybe we will still be able to find it and keep it safe in the future?"

Leo grudgingly agreed and followed Oswald in the ongoing, meticulous search of the scene. However, as they moved along in their search of the sparkly treasure, Oswald kept doing the same action of swallowing. Everyone stopped and watched in amazement.

Then another "GULP!", and again "GULP!" Oswald seemed more anxious by the moment, he was starting to have a terrible pain!

After a moment, Oswald looked at everyone, eyes bulging. He let out one final "GULP!", which was by far the biggest one yet, and suddenly, with a mighty shiver and one last "GULP!" a loud POP echoed around them, accompanied by an overwhelming cloud of white fluff! Oswald was practically encased in a puff of fluff. Leo looked at his reflection in the fluffy coat and jumped a mile.

Leo, Penny and Oswald were shocked. Oswald was covered in fluff and the sparkly jewel appeared on top of him.

“Whoa,” Penny cackled, eyes alight. "Oswald has gone fluffy! And you have found the treasure, Leo! It's like it was meant to be!

Leo stared at the puffball Oswald, then at the shiny stone that had been rescued from what might have been a bad end. This time he wasn’t feeling all that happy, which was unlike him.

He sighed.

“Well,” Leo said, picking up the still-gleaming stone. He hesitated. "Oswald, are you feeling… any better?" He could have gotten hurt; that pop seemed serious.

Oswald, hidden inside his newly gained fluffy, cuddly appearance, squeaked from deep inside, "My... my head hurts. Maybe from all of the GULPing!"

“Perhaps you could just hold the stone," Leo sighed, "since it’s my shiny treasure." Leo placed the silver stone next to Oswald in his fluffy form.

“Now, do you want some company to make yourself feel a little bit better, Oswald?!” Leo began to feel happy, his smile becoming genuine this time, like a beautiful sunrise.

“I can make a cake!” Penny said, hopping up and down, flapping her wings in excitement. “We can enjoy the company of other friends and play some party games!"

Leo, without even hesitating, jumped in to say “I will come! How amazing will it be, all of that? What an opportunity!”

“Okay,” Leo said at last. "We’ll… share it. I can find some more, they are not hard to get," Leo exclaimed.

The fluffy, huggable form of Oswald seemed so very pleased, and together they looked forward to a fantastic future together.

And so, that day, Leo not only found a way to enjoy shiny stones, but also discovered something much, much shinier – the joy of friendship and helping other friends. And Oswald? Well, he became the most cuddly ostrich on the entire savanna, which, considering how cuddly ostriches usually were, was quite an achievement. The cake that Penny made was a bit lopsided, but utterly delicious, and the party games were… well, let’s just say they involved a lot of giggling. Leo, Oswald, and Penny knew that days like that day are truly the most beautiful treasure anyone could wish to find and enjoy!