<prompt>
Please write a uncomplicated English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Bella's Journey to Befriend the Grumpy Garden Gnome'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Bella's Journey to Befriend the Grumpy Garden Gnome</title>
<body>
Bella was a little girl with bright, bouncy curls the colour of sunshine. She loved to skip and sing, and her laughter could fill a whole garden with happiness. Bella lived in a cozy little house with a garden that was bursting with colourful flowers, buzzing bees, and butterflies with wings like painted silk. But in the very back corner of the garden, hidden amongst the leafy ferns and towering sunflowers, lived something else: a grumpy garden gnome.

This gnome was not like the cheerful, rosy-cheeked gnomes you often saw in other gardens. This gnome had a frown etched into his painted face, a permanently crossed arm, and a tiny pointed hat that seemed to droop with disapproval. He never smiled. He never waved. He just stood there, amongst the ferns, looking incredibly grumpy.

Bella was curious about the grumpy gnome. She had tried talking to him, but all he would do was glare. She tried leaving him small gifts – a shiny pebble, a bright red berry, a carefully drawn picture of a smiling sun. But the gifts would disappear overnight, and the gnome's frown remained firmly in place.

"Why is he so grumpy, Mama?" Bella asked her mother one sunny afternoon, while they were weeding the flower beds.

Mama smiled. "Sometimes, Bella, people – and gnomes! – are grumpy because they are lonely or sad. Maybe he just needs a friend."

Bella thought about this. She loved having friends. She had a friend named Lily who lived next door, and a fluffy white cat named Snowball who loved to play fetch. Maybe, just maybe, she could befriend the grumpy garden gnome.

The next day, Bella decided to try a different approach. Instead of leaving gifts, she decided to bring the gnome something he might actually enjoy. She tiptoed to the kitchen, where her grandmother was baking a delicious apple pie. The smell of cinnamon and baked apples filled the air. Bella’s tummy rumbled.

"Grandma," she whispered, "could I have a small piece of your apple pie?"

Grandma, who knew everything about kindness and baking, smiled and sliced a perfect little piece for Bella. "Of course, darling. But promise me you'll share it with someone who needs it."

Bella happily accepted the pie and raced to the back corner of the garden. She found the gnome exactly where she expected him to be, still frowning. She carefully placed the small piece of apple pie on a flat stone near him.

"Hello, Mr. Gnome," she said softly. "My Grandma made this pie, and it's very yummy. Would you like a piece?"

Bella waited, holding her breath. The gnome didn't move. He just stared at the pie. After a moment, Bella thought she saw a very slight flicker of his painted eyes, but she couldn't be sure.

Bella waited for a while, hoping the gnome would say something. Since the gnome didn't speak, she figured the pie was a no go. She left the gnome and came back every morning. It was the same: Bella leaves a piece of pie; gnome stares; Bella leaves again.

For a few days, the apple pie was gone by the next morning. This made Bella smile to herself. Surely, the gnome would realize that she was being kind, right? She brought him some more pie. She also began to tell the gnome stories, carefully placing the pie near him while telling her stories.

She told him about the silly squirrels that chased each other up the oak tree. She told him about her cat, Snowball, who loved to pounce on butterflies. She told him about her friend Lily and all the games they played. She told him about her mother, father and grandmother.

Slowly, something began to change. Bella started noticing very small changes in the gnome. Sometimes, his frown seemed to soften just a little. Once, Bella thought she saw a tiny crack, almost like a smile, on his painted face.

One sunny morning, Bella decided to bring something different to the gnome. Instead of apple pie, she brought a small, empty clay pot. She had spent the whole afternoon making it in art class, painting it with bright colours. She found the gnome and approached him.

"Mr. Gnome," she said, placing the pot carefully near him, "I made this for you. You can use it to plant something."

The gnome, surprisingly, did not seem too upset. He barely even looked at her. She began telling her stories. As she was finishing her story, she started noticing a tremor in the painted statue's figure. As she was preparing to go, she noticed something even more shocking.

The gnome's painted arm shifted. He picked up the pot.

Bella gasped. The gnome had *moved*!

For the first time, she truly felt encouraged that the grumpy gnome might become her friend. Each day, she would return to her friend the gnome, hoping he would continue to engage with her.

Bella didn’t give up. She brought him more presents. She drew him pictures. She made him even more tiny, miniature things.

She brought him tiny seeds from the flowers in her garden, and she helped him plant them in his pot. She taught him about watering the plants, about how much sunlight they needed, and how to protect them from the slugs and snails.

She visited him every day, and slowly, very slowly, the grumpy gnome began to change. His frown seemed to fade. Sometimes, Bella thought she could almost see a little twinkle in his painted eyes.

One day, Bella found a small, perfectly formed daisy blooming in the gnome's clay pot. It was a delicate white flower, with a bright yellow center.

"Wow!" Bella exclaimed. "You grew a flower!"

The gnome didn't say anything, but for the first time, he didn't look away. He just stood there, looking at the flower, and looking at Bella.

Bella felt a surge of joy in her chest. She had finally made a breakthrough!

That afternoon, Bella was playing with her cat, Snowball, when suddenly, her mother called her to come see. Bella raced outside and toward the backyard, confused. She saw her mother smiling widely. She saw her father smiling too. Then she saw her grandmother, beaming from ear to ear.

She ran to the back of the garden. And there, she saw it.

The grumpy garden gnome was smiling!

Not just a little twitch, not just a slight crack. A real, genuine smile. A wide, happy, toothy grin stretched across his painted face. He even had a tiny, miniature flower tucked behind his ear!

"Bella," her mother said, her voice filled with joy, "look!"

Bella looked at the gnome, then back at her mother. Then back at the gnome. Then back at the tiny flower. Then she realised it.

In the clay pot sat a note, resting among the leaves. Bella's father picked up the note and showed it to her.

"Hello Bella," her father began. "My name is Geoffrey the gnome. I haven't always been happy. I have seen many people. The flowers in your garden made me smile, especially since you began leaving apple pie! I see that you also wanted me to be your friend, which also makes me smile! Here's my smile for you! With love, Geoffrey the gnome!"

Bella couldn’t believe her eyes. She stared at the gnome, who now looked a lot less grumpy and a lot more… well, friendly.

"He smiled!" Bella shouted, jumping up and down with joy. "He smiled! We're friends!"

And the gnome, Geoffrey, did something that surprised Bella even more. He winked.

Bella knew, with absolute certainty, that the grumpy garden gnome was not grumpy anymore. He was now her friend. And from that day on, Bella and Geoffrey, the now not-so-grumpy garden gnome, spent many happy days together in the garden. They would sit together under the shady oak tree, telling stories, sharing secrets, and laughing in the sunshine. The garden, already beautiful, now felt even brighter, filled with the laughter of a little girl and the gentle presence of her new, and not-so-grumpy, friend.

The flowers in the garden seemed to bloom even more vibrantly now, as if they too were celebrating the friendship between the little girl and the garden gnome. The bees buzzed happily, the butterflies danced gracefully, and Bella's laughter, as bouncy and bright as ever, now echoed throughout the entire garden, bringing joy to everyone, and especially to the now very happy garden gnome, Geoffrey. The apple pie was good; making a friend was better!
</body>