<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Understanding Unique Unicorn Undertakings'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Understanding Unique Unicorn Undertakings</title>
<body>
Bartholomew Buttonsworth, a boy of decidedly unremarkable height and a penchant for peculiar puddles, lived in a village called Bumblebrook. Bumblebrook was known for two things: its extraordinarily fluffy sheep and its rather nosey, Mrs. Higgins. Mrs. Higgins knew everyone’s business, usually before they did, and had a particular interest in Bartholomew’s pursuits, which, lately, had involved an awful lot of staring at the Whispering Woods at the edge of the village.

Bartholomew wasn’t exactly *staring* at the woods. He was trying, with all his might, to understand them. They were said to be the home of… Unicorns. Now, Bartholomew hadn't actually *seen* a unicorn, but a mysterious note, dropped from a particularly plump pigeon, had mentioned a “Unicorn Undertaking”.

The note, scrawled in glittery purple ink, read: “Greetings, Seekers of the Extraordinary! We, the Unicorns of Whispering Woods, are in dire need of assistance. Please attend the first glade on the second Tuesday of the blooming bluebells. Bring one slightly singed biscuit and a positive attitude. Failure to appear will result in...well, let's just say you don't want to find out! Yours in glitter, Prancer.”

Bartholomew, having found the note nestled amongst a pile of unusually lumpy rhubarb, was quite certain he needed to attend. This "Unicorn Undertaking" sounded tremendously important. He knew he had a positive attitude – he smiled at slugs and waved at wasps. The biscuit, however, was a slight issue. He had a biscuit. A very, very slightly singed biscuit, the result of a dramatic attempt at baking a birthday cake for his pet goldfish, Goldie.

The day arrived, the second Tuesday, bluebells blooming with particular vigor. Bartholomew, biscuit clutched tightly in his grubby hand, tiptoed towards the Whispering Woods. He tried to avoid Mrs. Higgins, who was, as usual, perched on a bench, watching everything.

"Off to find a pot of gold, young Bartholomew?" she cackled, adjusting her spectacles. "Or perhaps a particularly plump prize-winning pumpkin?"

Bartholomew gulped. “N-no, Mrs. Higgins! Just… going for a walk. A very important, biscuit-related walk.” He promptly tripped over a root, nearly squashing his singed biscuit, and mumbled an apology to the air.

He reached the first glade, which, true to the note, was filled with bluebells, swaying gently in the breeze. And there they were. Unicorns!

But they weren't the majestic, sparkling creatures of Bartholomew's imagination. These unicorns were… peculiar. One had a ridiculously crooked horn that looked permanently askew. Another kept sneezing rainbows. And the biggest one, clearly in charge, had a bright pink mane that was inexplicably tangled with a rather large rubber duck.

"Welcome, Bartholomew Buttonsworth!" boomed the pink-maned unicorn. It quacked, sounding remarkably like a rubber duck. "I am Celestia. And we… have a problem."

Celestia gestured with a hoof, which was, Bartholomew noticed, painted bright blue, towards a bubbling, sparkly pool in the centre of the glade.

"Our Wishing Well has… malfunctioned," Celestia explained, sighing deeply. “Instead of granting wishes, it is producing… jelly babies. Thousands of them. Sticky ones! We're ankle-deep in them!"

And they were. The glade was indeed swamped with jelly babies. Green ones, orange ones, red ones… they were everywhere! Bartholomew sank ankle-deep into the sugary mess, immediately regretting wearing his favorite boots.

"You see," the rainbow-sneezing unicorn, whose name, Bartholomew later learned, was Nimbus, added between a rather large sneeze, which left a rather sticky residue on Bartholomew’s nose, "we have a rather specific undertaking this year. It’s the Annual Glitter-and-Goodness Gathering, and without wishes, we simply cannot be glittering and good! It’s practically a disaster!”

The unicorn with the crooked horn, called Horace, just stared forlornly at the overflowing jelly baby mountain, his horn drooping even further.

"But," said Celestia, her duck-tangled mane bobbing with emotion, "we believe you, Bartholomew Buttonsworth, with your biscuit and your positive attitude, are the answer!”

Bartholomew nearly dropped his slightly singed biscuit. He? The answer? He wasn't even sure how to tie his shoelaces without tangling them up.

"Firstly," Celestia declared, flapping her wings, "we need you to find out why the Wishing Well has gone berserk. Can you… fix it?"

Bartholomew stared at the jelly baby-filled well. It looked rather… complex. "I… I don’t know much about wells," he stammered. "Mostly, I just know about puddles."

"Puddles!" exclaimed Horace, suddenly perking up. "Puddles are excellent! They're great for… contemplating!"

Celestia nodded. “Every skill is valuable, Bartholomew! Secondly, you’ll need to taste the well water.”

This sounded much more dangerous than contemplated puddles. “But…but I don’t want to… get a jelly baby stuck to my tongue.”

Celestia huffed impatiently, "We haven't got time to dilly-dally! Time is a-wasting and our Annual Glitter-and-Goodness Gathering needs glitter and goodness. Besides, a jelly baby or two won't harm you. Here," she gestured to a large green one, “try this lime-flavoured champion.”

Bartholomew hesitantly poked the well water. It was thick and viscous. Sighing deeply, he knelt by the side of the pool, scooped up the water, and then promptly spat it out. “It tastes like…green snot!”

"Ah, yes," agreed Celestia, unphased. "Excellent. This is precisely what we feared. The Glitternaut Grobles.

"Grobles?” Bartholomew asked, trying to hide a grimace.

“Glitternaut Grobles are evil gremlins with a deep desire for destroying positivity,” the blue-hooved Celestia announced. “They thrive in sugary substances and hate good-doing." She wrung her hands. “If left unchase, this whole glen is going to stink to high heaven!”

"Where would these... Grobles come from?" Bartholomew pondered aloud, deep in thought.

“No idea,” Celesteia answered blankly, “But if this Jelly baby business goes on, the Glitter-and-Goodness Gathering will be a big flop. This well needs a cure!”

Suddenly, Bartholomew’s face brightened. He remembered the information contained within his pockets, a collection that usually contained pebbles, forgotten marbles, and one rather intriguing beetle. He’d gathered a lot of pebbles while splashing in puddles in Bumblebrook, and the small, shiny stones that he kept in his pocket often sparked inspiration.

“I think… I have an idea,” said Bartholomew excitedly, looking at the shimmering Grobles and the vast pile of jelly babies. “Puddles!”

He ran to the edge of the Whispering Woods, heading straight for a small, muddy puddle he had been saving. Mrs. Higgins, who had been watching from the perimeter, could only squint in confusion. The unicorns, after initially looking confused, saw the idea quickly.

Returning to the glade with a large bucket borrowed from Mrs. Higgins’s rhubarb patch (without asking, of course – there wasn't time), Bartholomew began to collect puddle water. He poured the water into the well, carefully, bit by bit, muttering all the while,

“Every great puddle has been able to remove what doesn't belong, so by golly, I think this might just fix our undertaking.”

As the water reached the center of the well, there was a loud fizz and a puff of purple smoke. The jelly baby production immediately ceased. The water in the well became crystal clear again. The green, shimmering, snotty substance faded.

Celestia’s duck-tangled mane bounced with renewed energy. “By the magical mushroom clouds of… (mumble mumble unicorn swear words), it worked!”

Nimbus, thankfully finished sneezing, gave a cheer. Even Horace’s crooked horn perked up.

“So… now what?” Bartholomew asked, slightly perplexed.

Celestia beamed. “Now, the Wishing Well shall resume its granting of wishes, and we will, at long last, bring forth an appropriate display of glitter and goodness for the annual gathering!"

Celestia explained that the puddle water had washed the Glitternaut Grobles far away, making the jelly baby-filled glade pure once more.
"Now, as a reward for solving the Jelly Baby debacle," Celestia proclaimed, "We bestow on you...the official title of Puddle Protector of Whispering Woods!"

Bartholomew's eyes went wide. “Really?!”

Celestia nodded. "And a lifetime supply of jelly babies, if you so desire, provided by the wishes we grant!"

Bartholomew thought long and hard about the offer. Then, with a twinkle in his eye, he held up his slightly singed biscuit. "Perhaps just one… really good… properly toasted… slightly less singed biscuit. And a lifetime of puddles? Pretty please?”

The unicorns, utterly charmed by the request, immediately agreed. The next day, Bartholomew, sporting a shiny new Puddle Protector badge and a very slightly less singed, perfectly toasted biscuit, happily skipped back to Bumblebrook. Mrs. Higgins was still on her bench, of course, but this time, as he passed, she merely muttered, "Just like that boy. Always with the unusual things!” Bartholomew just winked and continued walking. The world, thanks to a boy, some unicorns, and a whole lot of puddles, was suddenly, and unexpectedly, filled with glitter and goodness. And the next day, he happily splashed in his newly acquired puddle supply!
</body>