<prompt>
Please write a dialog-based English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Sleepwalking Seal's Saga and the Sparkling Seashell Search Spectacular'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Sleepwalking Seal's Saga and the Sparkling Seashell Search Spectacular</title>
<body>
"Wake up, Wally!" squeaked Shelly, a tiny crab with one perpetually waving claw. "You're at it again!"

A plump, grey seal, Wally, blinked his large, soulful eyes, groaning. "Again? Oh, seaweed snacks. What did I do *this* time?"

"You were sleepwalking! Right into Captain Cuddles' sandcastle!" she chirped, gesturing with her waving claw towards a pile of collapsed sand.

Wally groaned again, flopping a flipper over his face. "Not again! Poor Captain Cuddles. He’s going to be furious." Captain Cuddles was a grumpy old starfish who took his sandcastles very, very seriously.

"He's already moaning, I heard him!" said Finley, a fish with bright blue stripes, zipping past. "He's looking for the Legendary Sparkling Seashell to rebuild his castle. He said he'll find you and make you rebuild it with him!"

Wally's eyes widened. "The Legendary Sparkling Seashell? But… that’s just a story, isn't it? A tale told to little scallop shells to make them behave!”

Shelly scuttled closer. “Not according to Captain Cuddles. He swears it's real, and it holds magical sandcastle-building powers!"

Finley added, circling Wally. "And if you destroyed his sandcastle whilst sleepwalking, maybe finding the seashell is your chance to atone, especially if Captain Cuddles is very very upset with you."

Wally sat up, pushing his flippers onto the sand. "Okay, okay, I get it. We have to find this… Legendary Sparkling Seashell. But how? Where do we even start?"

"Captain Cuddles said," said Shelly, reading from a tiny seashell he found on the sand "that clues can be found at three locations – Whispering Reef, Bubbling Bay, and Sunken Shores.”

"Whispering Reef," mused Finley. "I've heard the currents can be tricky there. Bubbling Bay's home to the giggle fish, which are a nuisance and Sunken Shores... the crabs I know say it is where scary monsters might live..."

Wally took a deep breath. "Right. Well, we can't let a few whispers of scary monsters stop us. We'll face each challenge together! We’ll start at the Whispering Reef! First location for us – here we go!"

Shelly, Finley, and Wally exchanged excited glances. And so, the three friends began their epic adventure.

They set off immediately, Wally sliding, Shelly scuttling, and Finley leading the way. Their first stop, Whispering Reef, lay a good swim away, so they packed some delicious seaweed snacks for their journey, but still; the excitement of the chase and thrill for adventure fuelled them forward!

As they reached the edge of the reef, they heard it – the whisper! Not of the wind, but a voice. It sounded like an ancient, wise turtle. "Come closer, little ones," the voice echoed. "The clue to the seashell’s whereabouts lies within."

"Do you hear that?" Wally whispered. "It is so mystical, perhaps it's going to be helpful."

They swam into the reef. The reef was full of brightly colored coral, swaying gently with the current. The wise old turtle, was floating by a majestic, green seaweed garden! It gestured towards a small, glittering cave. "Enter the cave," the turtle rumbled. "The first clue awaits."

Inside the cave, they discovered a riddle:

*Where the water weeps for secrets untold,
And the sun’s golden tears make it bold.
Beneath the guardian of all the land,
A shimmering path lies on the sand.*

“What do you make of this?” said Finley. "What water do we know that will weep with secrets untold, and what could have been done with the sun’s golden tears to make it bold, perhaps...?"

Shelly scuttled in a small circle. "Hmm…The sun...golden tears…water…" she started to put the clues together. "The weeping has got to be the sea, then. But where on the sand would the water be?"

Wally scratched his chin. He was still new to riddle-solving, but he wasn't the only one! "Maybe where the sea weeps into the land, where the water has tears – where a waterfall may be falling, into the beach?"

“That sounds promising," Finley agreed.

Together they made their way out of the reef, back to the shore and past the old, grumpy Captain Cuddles.

“Are you helping out to rebuild my sandcastle, Wally?!” the grumpy old starfish hollered.

“Soon we will, Captain Cuddles!” said Wally. "We've got other work to do first! Wish us luck and hope we find what we need."

Captain Cuddles grumbled, but stayed in the sun while they went to the waterfall. When they arrived, Wally remembered all about how important the riddle's final phrase, 'Beneath the guardian of all the land, a shimmering path lies on the sand.'

They spent the afternoon trying to put the clues together.

They searched near a waterfall for a whole afternoon. Shelly found the "guardian", a rocky outcrop near the base of the waterfall where a small family of seals enjoyed playing; perhaps, because it looked like the shape of an old, sleeping seal.

As they kept looking around the outcrop, Finley had noticed a strange shimmer in the sand at low tide, Wally dug a little bit, and together they uncovered… a tiny, perfectly formed, sand-filled, bottle, with a tightly-rolled scroll inside! They exchanged excited glances.

They returned to Shelly and slowly they opened up the little bottle scroll. The second riddle appeared!

*In the laughter's echo, where bubbles gleam,
And playful giants chase a dream.
Seek the giver, the source of the glee,
Where the seashell sleeps peacefully.*

"Bubbling Bay!" cried Finley, instantly excited. "That's where the giggle fish live! But where the seashell sleeps is... tricky."

The journey to Bubbling Bay was filled with bubbly excitement. The giggling fish were, indeed, a sight to behold! They were all the color of bubbles and were constantly blowing streams of them. They flitted around our heroes, making them laugh uncontrollably. It was hard to think, let alone look for clues when you’re always laughing and surrounded by giant soap bubbles.

Shelly was the first to recover, scuttling around trying to locate something useful. She noticed a tiny, hidden cave at the base of a massive sandcastle. A grumpy old seahorse guarded the entrance, his lips always a perpetual frown. "Get away, little creatures!" the seahorse snorted. "The giggle fish’s lair is not to be trifled with!"

"We're looking for a seashell, not causing any harm," Wally said, but his giggling was making it hard to speak.

The seahorse scoffed. "A seashell? Ha! The giggle fish steal all the shiny things!"

Shelly started chatting. She complimented his seaweed decorations. They gave the seahorse a giggle bubble snack and asked, while wiping away their tears of laughter, if he knew anything about seashells.

Finally, the seahorse pointed his nose to the back of the cave. "The giggle fish stash all their treasures there, hidden in their main bubble house."

Our team laughed some more before finally reaching the end. Finley pointed to a small, decorated, underwater doorway.

Wally bravely used his flippers to knock, and inside, they found the 'giver,' a large giggle fish with a crown made of bubbles!

"Well, hello there!" the giggle fish boomed. "Have a giggle with me and then ask what you are looking for"

They all started laughing again, as did Wally! "I am so sorry. We will just... pause... We are searching for a special seashell…" he giggled, trying to recover and concentrate, but laughing again as a bubble popped in front of his face. "A sparkly one that may bring sandcastles back together."

The giggle fish’s smile grew. "Oh, yes! The seashell!" he giggled back. "It fell in here and that will not be very nice if you don't have fun so... ask and search carefully…"

Together they carefully dug around. They followed the 'giver' who took them behind his home and dug a few feet underground. They found their second clue, again in the form of a rolled up paper; their next location revealed!

*Where shadows dance, and secrets sleep,
In waters dark and oceans deep.
Seek where life's bright colors fade to gray,
The treasure's final resting place of day.*

"The Sunken Shores," breathed Finley. "The place with monsters!"

"If it brings us closer to helping Captain Cuddles," Wally said resolutely, pushing his flippers forward. "We're going!"

They sailed immediately to Sunken Shores. They found that it was as foretold, mysterious, and scary. Sunken ships and crumbling buildings were around. Gloomy, dark sea-weed swirled around the remains of many an old shipwreck. It took great courage to go in there; to be unafraid.

Shelly stayed bravely up ahead. "This place... feels different, I sense the monsters"

Finley flew bravely ahead, and called out the locations they needed to see, telling them where the treasure could be. He circled above the ruins.

They swam cautiously along. Suddenly, they found a gigantic clam shell! It was closed. Shelly quickly ran to its shell. They found that the clam shell was open! In front of the giant clam shell, was a huge sea monster with great big claws and even greater jaws! The team watched in silence. The creature looked tired.

They realized the third and final clue, the location for the treasure: this was indeed the spot. They ran!

Wally quickly had a plan. "Finley, draw it away. Shelly, go! Find the third clue, it must be inside!" Finley danced a dance, and created bubbles; which attracted the beast who pursued it to a ruined underwater cave, away from their friend!

They were able to run into the enormous clam shell with safety, when Shelly located another rolled piece of paper in a smaller, empty shell. When they unraveled the rolled paper, the note read:

“Find the Heart. The Sparkle’s Key.”

They found a hole, with sand falling gently inside. Shelly called out to find if there was anyone there! Wally started swimming carefully down a winding passage. At last they found a heart. The Sparkle's Key – was revealed; the final clue. In his chest was a stone. In front of them; was the sparkling seashell!

The final quest for the seashell was over!

They swam back together with the stone to the Sunken Shores monster. It was the stone key – the last needed part to help free it, from being a monster forever!

They swam to see Captain Cuddles, to start helping with rebuilding his sandcastle. They told him about their adventure and their tales and that is how they began their next saga. And that is how the Sleepwalking Seal finally made friends with all! The end.
</body>