<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Magic Mirror That Showed the Future but Never the Past.'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Magic Mirror That Showed the Future but Never the Past.</title><body>
Bartholomew Buttons was, by all accounts, a rather ordinary boy. He had two eyes, a nose that twitched when he was thinking (which was often, mostly about cheese), and a collection of slightly muddy wellington boots. He lived in a wonky little cottage at the edge of Whisperwood, a forest so old it sometimes whispered secrets to the wind. Now, Bartholomew's life, though generally pleasant, was utterly devoid of magic. Until the day he found the mirror.

It wasn't just any mirror, mind you. It was shimmering, with an ornate silver frame covered in tiny, grinning gargoyles. He discovered it tucked away in the dusty attic of his Gran's cottage, behind a stack of moth-eaten tapestry and a box filled with what appeared to be exceptionally old potatoes.

“Well, hello there,” Bartholomew muttered, peering at the mirror's surface. It didn't show his reflection immediately. Instead, it rippled like a puddle in a playful breeze. Then, a vision sprung into view: a giant, sentient sausage wearing a tiny crown.

“Good heavens!” Bartholomew gasped. “A regal sausage!”

The sausage, in the mirror, twirled its tiny crown, then winked. Then the vision disappeared as quickly as it had appeared.

Intrigued, Bartholomew peered again. This time, he saw himself, but older, wearing a rather flamboyant hat and riding a very small, bewildered pony. The pony was wearing spectacles.

"This is quite strange," he whispered to himself, "and potentially confusing. A sausage king? Me with a hat? Spectacled pony?"

He quickly realized that the mirror showed the future, or rather, *a* future. What exactly he should take this magic mirror, and how, he did not have a clue, but one thing was clear: it had the potential to make his life far less ordinary.

Bartholomew experimented. He tried thinking about what he wanted for dinner – visions of broccoli doing a tap dance appeared (he didn't like broccoli). He wondered if he’d ever learn to play the kazoo (which he practiced every day, with variable results) - he saw himself playing a kazoo solo on the moon, to an audience of grumpy moon men.

But here's the peculiar thing about Bartholomew's magic mirror: it never showed him anything about the past. Not a single memory, not a glimpse of a yesterday. He could focus on a specific event from that morning, that week, that year... but the mirror stayed stubbornly blank. He couldn't see if he had been right to wear the stripy socks with the polka dot shoes that morning (his Gran always disapproved). The magic seemed to only point towards tomorrow.

He soon became obsessed with the mirror. Every morning, before his toast and marmalade, he would check it, his eyes wide with anticipation. Would today be a day of floating pancakes? A day when he could finally converse with squirrels? A day where his Gran would replace her prize-winning petunias with giant, singing cabbages? The possibilities, as he saw them, were endless.

One day, the mirror showed him a startling image: himself, covered head-to-toe in custard, battling a rather large, but undeniably fluffy, sheep. This was odd. He was not usually found fighting custard-covered battles of any type. Bartholomew decided that he had best steer clear of custard and sheep for the entire day.

The very next day, he walked into the kitchen and promptly tripped over a rogue custard pie, which had been left on the floor by Gran. Just then, her prize-winning sheep, Penelope, bounded in, bleating enthusiastically, and jumped right into the custard. A furious battle of custard ensued! Bartholomew was covered in the gloopy mess!

"The future!" Bartholomew shouted through a mouthful of custard. "It's real!"

He realised that it was better to simply watch the future, and if things looked particularly weird, simply to go along with them. Life with the magic mirror had become anything *but* ordinary. He embraced the chaos. He learned to duck before rogue watermelons appeared (a future vision). He started carrying a spare umbrella at all times, even on sunny days, because on one vision, an enormous rain cloud loomed overhead, with himself as the recipient of all its rainy wrath.

One afternoon, while playing with a slightly dilapidated kite he’d named Horace, Bartholomew received a vision unlike any other. He saw a magnificent golden key, gleaming brightly, floating just above the Whispering Woods. This was different from all other visions: He saw it as being near the giant, rather grumpy owl that lived in the highest branch of an ancient oak tree that grew right at the heart of the Whisperwood. The mirror often showed him silly scenarios, or even events of no consequence to himself, but something about this one felt important.

He knew he had to find the key.

That night, he packed a bag. In it, he put his muddy boots, his lucky cheese sandwich (which he was saving), his kazoo, his spectacles, and several emergency jelly babies. He informed his Gran, who was happily trying to make a pair of socks from her collection of cat hair, that he was going for an adventure.

"Right, dear," she'd replied, "and don't be late for tea. And mind you wipe your feet when you come back."

Armed with a map that only made sense to him (mostly doodles), Bartholomew crept into the Whispering Woods. He had the vision of finding that golden key, a vision of excitement, with some trees, and of him talking with a very grumpy owl. This vision also did not allow for the memory of finding the key. All the visions were about the event, rather than the steps that led him there. This caused him much confusion. How was he to use a key without knowing how he came to possess it? Still, Bartholomew was happy enough to bumble his way along until he got there.

After much stumbling, several accidental encounters with grumpy badgers and rather friendly hedgehogs, he found himself at the foot of the ancient oak tree, looking up at the owl. The owl glared down at him with intense yellow eyes.

"Hoo wants what?" hooted the owl.

Bartholomew explained about the key in the vision, mentioning it floated nearby the highest branch.

"Key?" the owl hooted again. "Never heard of it."

"But... the mirror... it showed me," Bartholomew stammered. He showed the owl the visions in the mirror. He looked again and was surprised to see that the vision contained another vision, this one showed him finding a clue by the grumpy owls feet, with the hint that a message was to be found.

Bartholomew looked down and saw a small piece of parchment, which was barely held up. It had fallen on a stone. He was certain this wasn't in the future, he picked it up, ignoring the slightly grumpy owl. He read the message, out loud.

“To unlock the path, seek the beginning.” It seemed a bit like a riddle, or a bad poem. It referred to the path where the future, past, or anything else was, apparently, a mess. He'd noticed a small path behind him, and had a vague idea of where the 'beginning' of the wood, or at least the 'beginning of the path' would be.
Bartholomew walked the path. He got increasingly lost, so was soon wandering in circles.

Eventually, he was completely lost, and very hungry, despite his lucky cheese sandwich and emergency jelly babies. Just as he was about to sit down, he remembered the magic mirror. He quickly went over to it to examine the vision he'd seen. The path wasn't there, instead he saw himself as a baby, his Gran holding him, feeding him something, a spoon.

The mirror flashed as it did so, showing him a scene in reverse. Bartholomew smiled: now, suddenly, all was apparent. It showed him finding the end.

He ran as quick as he could to the same location where he stood as the baby. Underneath a rather overgrown bush, he spied a slightly old tree. It looked just the right height, with the right hole. He bent down, and found what he was after, finally!

Bartholomew found the key. He reached out, just as the mirror indicated. As he picked it up he realized that the clue that was originally missing, was now in front of him. He quickly realised this was because all the future events were based on a set past. It had all made perfect sense! The grumpy owl, and the path - it all suddenly fitted together. Bartholomew thought the entire experience a perfect experience in terms of a challenge.

The key had an inscription, which read “For finding beginnings". Bartholomew beamed! The key was designed to help unlock the past. He had spent so long, and it would take just as long, to come to the realisation that if he wanted to, then he could.

Bartholomew went to the mirror and looked. He could not look into the future this time, all it would allow him to look at, or try to predict, was his past. This time, he wanted to see when he had first had the mirror.
Bartholomew held the key tightly, and closed his eyes.
The image flashed on, again! It showed him in his dusty old attic.

He saw, through the magic mirror, the very day he’d found the mirror. It was exactly how he remembered! Even more, he saw what he couldn't see earlier - the time just *before* he opened the box. The mirror was a gift to him, and a warning, one he'd mostly been oblivious of for a few days now. He also saw the instructions. They were simple enough, but cryptic. But also contained the following statement: *"Beware those who see too far, as they will be burdened with both knowing and acting as a part of their fates"*.

He was starting to know how the mirror worked, though the extent and the reason, it was still very foggy, as well as a little bit creepy.

Armed with this knowledge, and his shiny, golden key, Bartholomew felt a bit like a king, and definitely not an ordinary boy. His world was still full of surprises, custard battles, and potentially even regal sausages, but now, he understood just a little more of why those surprises were coming, but it wasn't just about the future. And that, he realized, was more magical than anything he had ever imagined. And just as he finished this thought, he was very relieved when Gran called him to tea, with baked beans and toast, because he did want to see what she was serving. And if you were to ask, he was now always extra curious what went *behind* his days and ways, and as he sat down for tea with his Gran and a lot of baked beans, he could hear Whisperwood, in the wind, gently, just whispering.
</body>