<prompt>
Please write a timeless English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'A Friendly Monster Under My Bed Tonight'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>A Friendly Monster Under My Bed Tonight</title><body>
Once upon a time, nestled in a cozy little house painted a cheerful shade of blue, lived a small boy named Thomas. Thomas loved to play, loved to laugh, and, most of all, loved to imagine. His bedroom, with its bright yellow walls and the smell of fresh crayons, was his favourite place in the whole wide world. He had a mountain of stuffed animals – a fluffy brown bear named Barnaby, a mischievous monkey called Miko, and a brave lion, Leo.

But there was one thing that wasn’t so wonderful. At night, as soon as the moon peeked through his window, Thomas became a little bit afraid. He’d pull his covers right up to his chin, peering into the shadowy corners of his room. And under his bed… well, under his bed, he was sure there lived a monster.

He’d heard the whispers in the creaking floorboards, the rustles in the dust bunnies, and the occasional *thump* that sent shivers down his spine. Every night, before closing his eyes, he would whisper, “Go away, Monster! I don’t want you here.”

Tonight, the moon was particularly bright, casting long, dancing shadows across his walls. The familiar shape of his coat on the door handle morphed into a spooky giant, and his bookshelf looked like a looming castle. Thomas squeezed his eyes shut, clutching Barnaby tight. "Maybe if I'm asleep, he won't come out," he murmured to himself, hoping, wishing.

Suddenly, he heard it. *Thump!* A low, rumbling sound that seemed to vibrate through the very floorboards. Thomas squeezed his eyes even tighter. *Thump!* It was definitely getting closer. He took a deep breath and, gathering all his courage, slowly, very slowly, peeked under the edge of his covers.

What he saw made his heart leap into his throat, but not because he was afraid. He saw… a large, furry foot. It was covered in soft, purple fur and had three enormous, friendly-looking toes. *Thump!* The foot shuffled a bit closer.

Gathering what little bravery remained, Thomas said, his voice barely a whisper, “Hello?”

The foot stopped moving. Then, slowly, the rest of the monster came into view. He was enormous, easily filling the space under Thomas’s bed. He had big, round, blue eyes, a long, wagging tail with a pom-pom at the end, and a collection of small, shiny stars sprinkled across his shaggy green fur. Instead of sharp teeth, his mouth was a wide, gentle smile.

The monster blinked his enormous blue eyes and let out a soft, rumbling sound, a sound that, surprisingly, sounded a bit like a hiccup. He cleared his throat, or at least made the appropriate throat-clearing rumble sound, and in a voice like warm honey, said, “Um… hello. Are you… Thomas?”

Thomas, completely forgetting all his nighttime fears, nodded eagerly. "Yes! I’m Thomas!" He was mesmerized.

“I… I am… well, my name is Grumble. Though, I’m not sure if I should have a name.” He chuckled, the sound shaking the bed a little. "Perhaps it is more suitable that you may address me as your friendly under-the-bed house-mate"

Thomas giggled, finding the large, purple foot quite fascinating. “Grumble? You sound nice!”

Grumble puffed out his chest. "I try, but it’s quite difficult being so... under the bed, you see? Gets a bit lonely." He twirled a star in his claw. "Been here for ages. Watching you all this time, but afraid to show myself. Thought I would be too…monstrous, perhaps."

"But you're not monstrous!" Thomas exclaimed, feeling a surge of relief that the monster wasn't scary at all. He scrambled to his knees. “You’re… fluffy! And friendly!”

Grumble’s tail wagged so hard, it knocked over Thomas’s toy car. "Do you really think so?"

"Absolutely!" Thomas grinned. "What are you doing under my bed anyway?"

Grumble shifted, the bed creaking under his weight. “Well,” he said, “it’s a long story. My family is… large, very large. We have different rooms and different floors in the realm of things under beds. I was assigned to this space."

“Can I come under and see your realm?” asked Thomas with wide, wondering eyes.

Grumble chuckled again. “Not right now, but maybe we will get to the task later! However, I spend a lot of my time just…watching. I like to see what humans are up to. I see you play with Barnaby and Miko. I see you build amazing things with your blocks. I listen to you read your storybooks before bed. Sometimes," he added shyly, "I even try to guess what will happen next.”

Thomas's face lit up. “You do? Did you guess what happened in *The Adventures of Captain Calico*? It was really exciting when Captain Calico found the buried treasure!”

"I did!" Grumble beamed. “And I was so glad Captain Calico got to have a party to celebrate!”

And so began the most unlikely of friendships. Every night, when the moon shone, Thomas and Grumble would talk. Sometimes, Grumble would tell stories of his own, about the wonderful creatures that lived in the Land Beneath the Beds – fluffy glow-worms that lit up the dust, singing dust bunnies, and castles made of lost socks.

Sometimes, Thomas would tell Grumble about his day – the games he played, the lessons he learned, and the funny things his cat did. Grumble listened intently, his large blue eyes twinkling with interest and his long tail waving gently back and forth. He offered suggestions on stories, and cheered for Thomas' good deeds, always present under the floor.

One night, Thomas was feeling particularly sad. He’d had a fight with his best friend at school, and his tummy ached.

“What’s wrong, Thomas?” Grumble asked gently, sensing the boy's distress.

Thomas sniffled, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand. "I... I fought with my best friend, and now I think we will not play anymore. I feel bad."

Grumble leaned his furry head against Thomas’s bed. "Oh, dear. That is always very, very difficult. Being humans requires you to play a bit like that," he mumbled, his fluffy green ears drooping.

“What should I do?” Thomas asked, feeling a little better just knowing that Grumble was there.

Grumble thought for a moment, his forehead creasing with concern. "Perhaps you should speak to your friend. Tell them how you feel. Explain your side, let him know he hurt you. Apologize, as well, if that seems right. Remember, even humans like us may sometimes err."

Thomas listened carefully. "That’s good advice, Grumble. Thank you." He then made it clear that the best place for any friend is around others, which lead to a lovely exchange of friendship goals.

The next day, Thomas followed Grumble's advice. He found his friend, apologised for his part in the argument, and explained how he felt. His friend apologized too, and soon, they were laughing and playing together again. Thomas felt a warmth of goodness inside. That night, he thanked Grumble profusely.

As the seasons changed, so did Thomas’s adventures. He learned to read, to ride his bike, and to solve difficult puzzles. And always, under his bed, Grumble was there, his friendly blue eyes watching over him, hearing all the fun he has with his friends, supporting him with insightful ideas on making his life, day-in, day-out better.

Thomas had even told his parents about Grumble. Of course, they couldn’t see him, but they could see how happy and confident Thomas had become, and they were happy. They knew something good was happening beneath their house. "Sometimes, when you least expect it," Thomas would explain with his shining eyes, "The most unlikely friendships form, and help you find your inner happiness. And Grumble the friendly monster is certainly one of my most treasured friends.

Now, every night, instead of being afraid of the dark, Thomas looked forward to his chats with Grumble. The rustles under the bed were no longer scary; they were Grumble shifting and getting comfortable. The thumps were now comforting thumps, and the whispers were the friendly greetings. He knew that no matter what, Grumble, his unlikely but devoted friend, was always there. They shared hopes and dreams, jokes and games, sometimes a little bit of sorrow. But whatever might come, they always shared it together. Thomas never, ever felt alone.

And so, the boy and the monster, the human and the magical, lived in harmony, sharing their own magical adventure that unfolded every night. And if you listen closely, on a night when the moon is full and the stars are shining, you might just hear a gentle rumble coming from under Thomas's bed, and the sound of laughter filling the room. And if you listen with your heart, you will realize it truly means a friendly monster is living under that little boy's bed, and he has the best companion a child could have. The world has gotten a little bit brighter because of it.
</body>