<prompt>
Please write a uncomplicated English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Benny Beaver Builds the Strongest Dam Across the River.'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Benny Beaver Builds the Strongest Dam Across the River.</title>
<body>
Once upon a time, in a cozy forest filled with towering trees and bubbling brooks, lived a little beaver named Benny. Benny was a very busy beaver. He loved to gnaw on wood, splash in the water, and, most of all, build. He dreamed of building the strongest, grandest dam across the Whispering River, a river that was usually so peaceful.

Benny lived with his family in a sturdy lodge near the riverbank. His parents, Brenda and Barnaby, were expert dam builders. They had taught Benny everything he knew about choosing the right wood, how to gnaw it into perfect shapes, and how to place the logs just so to make a strong wall. But Benny wanted to build a dam even better than his parents had ever built. He wanted it to be the strongest dam ever!

One sunny morning, Benny set off to find the perfect spot for his grand dam. He waddled along the riverbank, his big front teeth itching for some wood. He surveyed the river, looking for just the right place. "Hmm," he thought, "too shallow here. Too wide there." He chewed on a twig, deep in thought.

Finally, he found it! A spot where the river narrowed and the banks were high and strong. This was it! This was where he would build the strongest dam.

He started by scouting for the best trees. He knew he needed strong trees, tall and straight, to hold back the water. He selected a few tall, sturdy willows, their branches swaying gently in the breeze.

"Right," Benny muttered to himself, puffing out his chest. "Time to get to work!"

He used his powerful front teeth to gnaw at the first willow tree. Chip, chip, chip! The wood came away in little splinters. It was hard work, but Benny kept at it. He knew building a dam was a big job.

After a while, the willow started to wobble. Benny, with a final mighty chomp, felled the tree! It crashed down with a loud thud.

He gnawed the tree into long, sturdy logs. Then, he pushed the logs toward the river. One by one, he pushed them into the water. The logs bobbed and floated, waiting to be arranged.

Benny knew the most important part of building a dam was to interlock the logs. This would make the dam strong enough to hold back all the water. He started to work, pushing and pulling the logs into place, making sure they fit snugly together. He used smaller branches and mud to fill the gaps between the logs. This would help make the dam watertight.

He worked tirelessly all day. The sun climbed higher in the sky, then began to sink towards the horizon. Benny didn’t stop. He chewed, he pushed, he placed. His little beaver paws and his back ached, but he didn’t care. He was on a mission!

As the sun began to set, painting the sky with beautiful colors, Benny finished the first layer of logs. He stepped back to admire his work. The dam, even just the first layer, looked impressive. He felt a surge of pride.

"This is just the beginning," he whispered to himself. He knew he had much more work to do.

The next day, Benny returned to the river, ready to continue building. He worked even harder than before, pushing and pulling logs into place. He gathered more mud and smaller branches, filling every little crack and crevice. He worked, and worked, and worked.

Days turned into weeks. The dam grew taller and wider. Benny gnawed and chewed and pushed and built. He was relentless.

The other animals in the forest watched him with interest. The squirrels chattered from the trees. The rabbits hopped by to take a peek. Even the grumpy old owl hooted his approval from time to time.

Brenda and Barnaby often visited Benny, offering advice and helping him with the toughest parts. They were so proud of their little beaver. "You're doing a wonderful job, Benny," Brenda would say, nibbling on a fresh carrot. "It will be the strongest dam anyone has ever seen," Barnaby would add.

One afternoon, as Benny was busy adding the finishing touches to the top of the dam, he heard a strange noise. It was a rushing sound, like a waterfall.

He looked up. The sky had turned dark. The Whispering River, usually so calm, was starting to churn and rumble. The water was rising!

"Uh oh," Benny thought. "It's going to rain!"

And rain it did! It poured and poured, with the water level in the river continuing to rise. The rain seemed to go on forever. Benny worked quickly to reinforce the dam. He used mud and small stones, hoping to help prevent the water from rushing past. He knew the success of his dam depended on his ability to construct something strong enough to handle the conditions.

The water rose higher and higher, pushing against the dam with great force. Benny worried. He wasn't sure if his dam would hold. It would be the most harrowing experience of his life.

Suddenly, the dam began to shake! Water began to trickle through. Then, a small crack appeared.

Benny's heart sank. His beautiful dam! Was all his hard work going to be ruined?

He scrambled to repair the crack, trying to stuff it with mud and stones. But the pressure of the water was too great. The crack widened.

Just when Benny thought his dam would crumble, the rain finally stopped. The water level began to slowly go down. Benny looked at his dam. It had taken a beating, but it had held! The dam was still standing!

He had built the strongest dam! He'd created something able to withstand immense natural forces.

He ran along the dam, examining it carefully. It had some damage, but it was still standing strong. It had held back the rushing water, saving the lodges and homes of everyone nearby.

Benny Beaver had done it! He had built the strongest dam across the Whispering River!

Exhausted but incredibly happy, Benny went back to his family's lodge. He told his parents all about the rain and how he managed to fix the dam. Brenda and Barnaby were very proud of Benny.

“You are a very talented beaver, Benny,” Brenda said, hugging him tightly.

"Indeed," added Barnaby, with a big smile. “You never gave up.”

That night, snuggled in his cozy bed, Benny Beaver drifted off to sleep. He dreamed of new dams and bigger rivers. He knew that from then on, no one would ever question the quality of Benny Beaver's work. He smiled in his sleep, feeling proud and content. The Whispering River, now tamed by his strong dam, whispered a gentle lullaby in the night, promising him more adventures to come.
</body>