<prompt>
Please write a simple and easy-to-follow English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Penelope’s Perfectly Purple Play Parade'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Penelope’s Perfectly Purple Play Parade</title><body>
Penelope the pig loved the color purple. Everything in her little pig house was purple! Her bedspread was purple, her toothbrush was purple, and even her little watering can for her pet sunflower, Sunny, was a shade of violet so deep, it was almost black.

One sunny morning, Penelope woke up with a very exciting idea. "I'm going to have a Perfectly Purple Play Parade!" she squealed, jumping out of her purple bed. She ran to the window, where Sunny the sunflower was just peeking up from her pot. "Sunny, guess what?" she asked, her voice buzzing with happiness.

Sunny, who understood Penelope's every squeak and wiggle, swayed gently in the breeze, as if nodding.

"A parade! A purple parade!" Penelope exclaimed, grabbing a purple ribbon and tying it around Sunny's stalk. Sunny loved dressing up.

First, Penelope needed invitations. She found a big sheet of purple construction paper and, using a purple crayon, she carefully wrote, "You are invited to Penelope’s Perfectly Purple Play Parade!" She added lots of sparkly purple stickers, drawing little pigs and cheerful suns.

Next, she walked down the lane to deliver her invitations. Her first stop was Rosie the rabbit's burrow. Rosie peeked out, her nose twitching.

"Hello, Rosie!" Penelope greeted her, holding out an invitation. "I'm having a Perfectly Purple Play Parade, and you're invited!"

Rosie, who loved parties, hopped excitedly. "Purple? Ooh, that sounds lovely! What will we do?"

"We'll march and sing and play games," Penelope explained. "And everything will be purple!"

Rosie clapped her paws. "I have a purple bow! I’ll wear it!"

Next, Penelope went to see Barnaby Bear. Barnaby was a big, sleepy bear, but he always made time for Penelope. She carefully placed the invitation at the bottom of his giant, purple (of course) beanbag chair. Barnaby, his eyes barely open, mumbled, “Purple Parade…sounds nice…I’ll be there…zzzzz…”

Finally, she visited Fiona the fox. Fiona was very clever and loved playing hide-and-seek. Penelope knew she would enjoy a parade, too. Fiona read her invitation with interest. "A purple parade? Very intriguing! Count me in, Penelope. I'll try and find something purple to wear."

With all her invitations delivered, Penelope hurried back home, her heart overflowing with excitement.

The next day dawned bright and sunny. Penelope woke up and, after carefully checking that Sunny the sunflower was wearing her best purple ribbon, she started to prepare for her parade. She put up purple streamers made of crepe paper that she’d saved from her birthday, and blew up purple balloons that floated around her house.

She then gathered all her purple toys: her purple drum, her purple ukulele, her purple ball, and a fluffy purple blanket.

Soon, Rosie the rabbit arrived. She was wearing her most beautiful purple bow, and looked so elegant that she gave a small curtsy.

Next came Barnaby Bear, still a little sleepy, but definitely wearing a purple scarf around his neck.

Lastly, Fiona the fox arrived, sporting a pair of purple sunglasses.

Penelope beamed. “Welcome, welcome! Are you all ready for the Perfectly Purple Play Parade?”

"Yes!" everyone cheered.

Penelope proudly led the way. She held her purple drum and beat it as they marched. Rosie hopped along beside her, humming a happy tune. Barnaby Bear shuffled along slowly, enjoying the fresh air, and Fiona the fox kept a lookout for any signs of excitement.

They marched down the lane, past the old oak tree and by the bubbling brook. As they went, Penelope sang a special purple song she’d made up:

"Purple, purple, all around,
Purple is the best color in town!
Purple ribbons, purple skies,
Purple fun before our eyes!"

Rosie hopped and clapped, joining in with the chorus. Barnaby Bear hummed along, his voice a low rumble. Even Fiona, always so observant, tapped her paws to the rhythm.

As they passed by Farmer Giles’ field, the cows mooed in surprise. One of them even tried to wear Penelope's purple balloon, which burst in an explosion of purple confetti. They all laughed, and then Penelope continued playing the drum.

After marching, they decided to play some games. First, they played "Pin the Purple Ribbon on the Pig." Penelope, of course, had made a drawing of herself, and Rosie carefully placed a purple paper ribbon on Penelope’s drawing.

Next, it was time for hide-and-seek. Fiona, the clever fox, was exceptionally good at this. She found clever hiding places. But after finding them hiding behind the purple flower pot, or beneath Penelope's purple blanket, everyone eventually found a place where Fiona, in her purple sunglasses, was difficult to locate. After a few minutes of this, the other players decided to sit, leaving the fox still hidden.

The other game they played was “Purple Treasure Hunt." Penelope had hidden little purple candies all over the house. Everyone searched for them. They cheered each time they discovered one! They filled a purple basket.

Finally, the parade was coming to an end. Everyone was a little tired but had enjoyed themselves so much.

“This was the best parade ever!” exclaimed Rosie the rabbit, her nose twitching with pleasure.

“Indeed,” mumbled Barnaby Bear, giving Penelope a sleepy hug.

Fiona the fox smiled. "A most excellent and uniquely colored celebration, Penelope!"

Penelope felt so happy. Her Perfectly Purple Play Parade had been a huge success!

They gathered by the entrance and took one last look at the garden, watching the wind blowing the purple streamers. As the sun began to set, casting a beautiful purple glow across the sky, they were just about ready to part.

Penelope decided that it was time to say goodbye. She waved, promising to have another parade soon, maybe even a green one, or a rainbow one! As her friends started to depart, Penelope looked back towards Sunny the Sunflower. The tall sunflower, dressed in her purple ribbon, had been looking on with cheerful optimism all day.

“It’s all thanks to you, Sunny!” Penelope whispered, hugging her little friend tightly.

As everyone went home, Penelope felt warm and happy inside. She took down her purple decorations, one by one, until everything was put away. She couldn't wait to have her parade again, and dream of her other parades of colors, too.

She went inside, gave Sunny a final splash of water and a gentle kiss. After this, she hopped into her purple bed. She closed her eyes, still hearing the rhythm of her purple drum and seeing all the colors in the sky.

Soon she was fast asleep, dreaming of purple balloons, purple streamers, and all her friends, ready for the next wonderful parade, whenever that might be. She would be ready. She loved her friends, and she loved planning parties! What would they do at the next one? Who would attend? She already couldn't wait.
</body>