<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'A Little Pirate's Quest To Discover the Hidden Treasure Island Today.'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>A Little Pirate's Quest To Discover the Hidden Treasure Island Today.</title><body>
Barnaby Buttercup wasn't your typical pirate. For a start, he was seven years old and couldn't even grow a proper stubble, which, according to Captain Peg Leg Pete (his granddad and pirate mentor), was a crucial part of the pirate look. Then there was Barnaby’s problem with sea legs. Even on a calm puddle, he’d stumble, much to the amusement of the seagulls. But what Barnaby lacked in pirate swagger and swashbuckling skill, he made up for in enthusiasm, and a surprisingly excellent knowledge of… custard.

His granddad, Captain Peg Leg Pete, a pirate legend with a parrot named Polly who swore only in limericks ("There once was a pirate named Hugh, whose parrot kept screaming, 'Phew! Your treasure is gone, where it ought, but I bet ya ya bought it cheap, at the back of the loo!"), was forever shaking his head. "Barnaby," he'd bellow, his voice like a rusty foghorn, "a pirate must be brave, bold, and… well, able to balance on a plank! And most importantly, he needs a decent treasure map!"

Barnaby, usually covered in crumbs from his secret stash of pirate-shaped biscuits (the pirate ship was shaped like a dinghy), would nod solemnly. Today, however, Barnaby had a different glint in his eye. "Granddad," he announced, brandishing a rolled-up piece of parchment, "I've found a treasure map!"

Captain Pete adjusted his eye patch, which was held in place by a rubber band, and squinted at the paper. "Well, blow me down! Where'd ya get this?"

"From under the old sofa in the attic," Barnaby replied proudly. "It’s a… a custard map!"

Captain Pete choked on his rum (non-alcoholic, naturally). “A custard map?! What in Davy Jones’ locker is a custard map?"

Barnaby unfurled the map. It was a masterpiece of yellow and brown swirls, with what appeared to be little spoon-shaped drawings dotted around. "See!" he explained, pointing with a jam-covered finger. "The island is made of strawberry custard, and the treasure is buried under a giant mound of banana custard! And the path… it's all butterscotch!"

Captain Pete scratched his chin. This was… different. He'd seen maps with skull and crossbones, maps with secret codes, even a map that vaguely resembled a particularly grumpy walrus, but never a custard map. “Hmm,” he mused. “This… this is potentially the silliest map I've ever seen. And I love it! Alright, Barnaby, let’s see if your custard-based treasure is worth the effort. But first, we need a ship! And some… shovels!"

The ship, fortunately, was ready. The ‘Soggy Biscuit’, a rather small and, frankly, slightly lopsided dinghy, was permanently moored in their backyard pond. Their ‘crew’ consisted of Barnaby, Captain Pete, Polly (who, despite being a parrot, was utterly useless when it came to sailing, but an excellent judge of pudding consistency), and a collection of garden gnomes, who were clearly hoping for a new adventure away from their monotonous lawn duties.

The ‘shovels’ were, in reality, mismatched kitchen utensils: a salad server, a plastic spade from Barnaby’s sandcastle set, and a slightly rusty trowel that Captain Pete used for his prize-winning petunia bushes (much to Barnaby's disappointment, they never found any treasure in the garden beds).

Setting sail wasn’t easy. The Soggy Biscuit was more likely to ‘wobble biscuit’ than actually sail. After about twenty minutes of frantic paddling with oars made from old broom handles, they reached the middle of the pond.

"Right, Barnaby," Captain Pete announced, adjusting his rubber band, "According to the map, the strawberry custard island is…" He squinted. "Just past that particularly plump lily pad! Now, remember, pirates! Silence!" (Polly promptly squawked: "There once was a pirate so mean, his jokes were completely unseen, until everyone just looked at him then and said, ‘this again!’")

As they paddled towards the lily pad, a giant goldfish, the size of a small car, leaped out of the water and snatched the map from Barnaby’s grasp. The map, soaked from pond water, quickly dissolving into mush.

"Aaaaaahhh!" Barnaby wailed.

"Quiet!" Captain Pete barked, pointing a finger at the goldfish. "Seize it!"

Well, trying to seize a giant goldfish is easier said than done. Barnaby started throwing pirate-shaped biscuits at it while Captain Pete and the garden gnomes flapped their arms in a show of dominance. Polly, meanwhile, was too busy judging the quality of the biscuits (too dry), to even bother to help.

After a long and ludicrous chase scene (during which Barnaby managed to fall overboard and had to be rescued by Captain Pete, who was very good at the old doggy paddle) the map was, finally, recovered.

It was now little more than a soggy, unrecognizable blob.

“Blast!” Captain Pete boomed. “Well, what do we do now?”

Barnaby, usually crushed by any setback, simply shrugged. "We improvise, Granddad!" He rummaged in his pocket, producing a slightly squashed box of pirate-shaped biscuits and a jar of strawberry jam. “I know, we start again, this time with an actual treasure map!"

"A real map of the Hidden Treasure Island, please and thank you!" Polly shouted. "There once was a pirate, of such grace, and a place, where pirates could dance, and everyone knew, who wanted a good new embrace"

Barnaby licked some of the jam off his finger, thoughtfully. “Right, Granddad, we'll make a new custard map and make sure it's of the hidden treasure island!”

Captain Pete smiled. “Good lad, that’s the spirit! Now, first things first, where do we start… bananas or strawberries?”

And so, the epic quest of the Little Pirate and his custard maps continued. With Captain Peg Leg Pete at his side, a crew consisting of the garden gnomes and a very talkative parrot, Barnaby bravely embarked on the creation of yet another absurd treasure map, his eyes sparkling with anticipation.

The Hidden Treasure Island, of course, remained a mystery. They found no gold coins, no jewels, and no secret pirate stash, other than Barnaby's stash of pirate biscuits, that is. Yet, through the creation of custard-based maps, they discovered a hidden world of adventure, friendship, and the simple joy of getting messy. It taught Barnaby to work with what he had and to have fun!

Day in day out, every single day of the week, for many years to come, there would be different shapes and sizes of puddings on a parchment!

And the giant goldfish? He still lurked in the pond, occasionally popping up to playfully snatch the maps. The soggy maps! Because Barnaby was not worried. As Barnaby and Captain Pete well-knew, the greatest treasure of all wasn’t gold or jewels. The real treasure was the adventure. And, of course, the pudding. Lots and lots of pudding! And the fun adventures, and Polly the talking parrot, were all great things. The best kind of fun! And perhaps the soggy Biscuit wasn’t so lopsided after all!
</body>