<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Rainbow That Fell Apart and Needed To Be Fixed'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Rainbow That Fell Apart and Needed To Be Fixed</title>
<body>
Bertram Buttercup was, to put it mildly, a bit clumsy. Not just a tiny, “tripped over the shoelace” clumsy, but a full-blown, “accidentally sits on a bag of popcorn and makes it explode” kind of clumsy. He lived in a tiny, wobbly cottage right at the very bottom of the Rainbow River, a river so vibrant and sparkly it was rumoured to make your hiccups sing opera. Bertram, unfortunately, just managed to make his hiccups burp like grumpy badgers.

One Tuesday (Tuesdays were notoriously tricky for Bertram; he'd once accidentally polished the kitchen table with a tube of toothpaste) he decided, quite suddenly, that he would go for a picnic. "A picnic with pickles and pears!" he declared to his fluffy, purple dust bunny, Bartholomew, who was currently hiding under his favourite teapot. Bartholomew, as per usual, did not respond, which suited Bertram just fine. He liked a listener who didn’t interrupt.

Bertram packed his picnic basket with the precision of… well, the opposite of precision. He jammed in a jar of pickled onions (his favourite), a collection of slightly bruised pears (his second favourite), a tin of sardines (not his favourite, but necessary for the aesthetic of a "proper" picnic, he believed), a loaf of crusty bread (which, truth be told, was mostly crust), and a rather large block of cheddar cheese (which was probably a bit smelly).

He ambled (he never quite walked, always ambled) outside, humming a particularly off-key tune about a squirrel who wore a monocle, and nearly tripped over a rogue garden gnome. He was just about to place his basket on a particularly lovely, mossy rock when… it happened.

A gigantic "WHOOSH" filled the air. The sky, which had moments before been a cheerful, azure blue, shimmered and wobbled. A giant, multicoloured something – that could only be described as… a rainbow – was starting to unravel. Streaks of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet were becoming detached and floating, swirling like giant, candy-coloured ribbons.

“Good heavens!” exclaimed Bertram, forgetting his pickle-and-pear-based picnic entirely. He watched, mesmerized, as the rainbow completely… disintegrated. Each colour fell like confetti, peppering the air with luminous hues. Bits of red landed on his nose, turning it slightly rosy. A chunk of blue landed in the Rainbow River, instantly tinting the water the shade of a blueberry smoothie.

Bartholomew, having sensed a significant disturbance in the tea-pot-stability, suddenly popped his fluffy head out. He stared wide-eyed at the colourful chaos.

“Bartholomew,” Bertram announced, puffing out his chest. “This is a problem.”

The rainbow had, it turned out, simply fallen apart. It was no longer an arch, a symbol of hope, a promise of sunshine after the rain. It was now a multi-coloured mess, a kaleidoscopic disaster of epic proportions.

Now, most people, upon witnessing such a spectacle, would have run away screaming or perhaps fainted dramatically. Bertram, however, had always considered himself a practical sort. He adjusted his slightly crooked spectacles and sighed.

“Right then,” he said to Bartholomew. “We must fix it.”

Bartholomew looked dubious. He clearly preferred teapot-stability to rainbow-repair.

Bertram knew he couldn’t possibly reassemble a rainbow without some help. First, he thought he should visit Penelope Petunia, a kindly woman who lived in a cottage built from gingerbread and was rather famous for her amazing jelly. Then, he realised that her jelly was, quite often, suspiciously rainbow coloured.

He gathered his things.

He carefully – although with a few minor stumbles – started down the path to Penelope Petunia's house. Bits of rainbow still fluttered down, tickling his nose and occasionally landing in his hair.

At Penelope Petunia’s gingerbread house, Bertram, in his typical clumsiness, tripped on the welcome mat, causing a gingerbread house miniature (made entirely of, you guessed it, gingerbread!) to fall and crack. Penelope opened her door, smiling as always. Her house was covered with multicoloured Jelly in perfect order!

“Bertram, my dear! What a delightful surprise! And what is all that colour? And is that... a small gingerbread house fragment stuck to your ear?” Penelope asked kindly.

Bertram explained the entire situation, from the initial "WHOOSH" to the crumbling rainbow, while Penelope offered him a biscuit. It was rainbow coloured, of course. Penelope had been secretly mixing all these colourful jelly and food for a project.

“Oh dear, oh dear,” Penelope exclaimed. “A fallen rainbow! That *is* a predicament. We must speak with Reginald, of course.”

Reginald was Reginald Rhubarb, a grumpy, yet secretly sweet, rhubarb farmer who lived on top of Rainbow Mountain, the highest peak in the area. Reginald was rumored to have a very special connection to the Rainbows, and could sometimes affect their colour balance. Reginald did not have any patience for anyone, but if anyone were to fix a fallen Rainbow, it would be him.

Penelope gave Bertram a pot of her amazing rainbow jelly (just in case), a slightly cracked biscuit (for Bartholomew) and a map drawn with melted caramel that showed the way to Reginald Rhubarb's mountain top. Bertram thanked her, and off he went, leaving the destroyed mini house behind.

The journey to Reginald's mountaintop was… eventful.

He almost fell into a giant pot of bubbling chocolate (rescued by Bartholomew, who, with a surprising burst of speed, pushed him away). He was chased by a very indignant flock of rainbow-coloured chickens (apparently, they weren’t fans of accidental pickle-jar-related-explosions). And he accidentally swapped his hat for a very squawky parrot named Percy, who was constantly squawking rhyming couplets about hats and boats and the state of the sky. He did eventually manage to get the hat and Percy back from some singing toads.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Bertram, exhausted and covered in glittery bits of the now-defunct rainbow, arrived at the foot of Rainbow Mountain.

It was very tall.

“This is going to be difficult," he sighed.

He began to climb. With his characteristic lack of grace, he stumbled and scraped his knees and slipped multiple times. Bartholomew had gone in the lead to have time for rest and was now just watching him in amazement. Each step seemed more difficult than the last. Halfway through he was almost on his knees, but then he found a hidden rope from the earlier adventurers and helped himself up to reach the top of the mountain.

After about an hour, he reached the top. The top was nothing like he expected. He was looking into a giant bowl made of… rhubarb. And standing in the middle of the rhubarb was the biggest, grumpiest, most magnificent Reginald Rhubarb he’d ever seen, wearing a hat made of… you guessed it… rhubarb.

"You again?" Reginald grumbled when he saw Bertram.

Bertram explained the whole situation (again), trying to keep Percy the Parrot, still perched precariously on his shoulder, from squawking during the crucial explanations. "We have a big problem, Reginald! The rainbow has fallen apart!" Bertram blurted it out without remembering the details.

Reginald sighed dramatically, which made the rhubarb bowl he was in tremble. "Of course, it has. Always messing things up. Come inside." he grumbled and gestured with one giant, wrinkly hand to the middle of the rhubarb, opening up the bowl!

"How, do you plan on fixing it?" He demanded. Bertram gave a blank face. "What is in your bag?"

Bertram presented his things: the now-squished biscuit, the almost-empty pot of jelly, the bread which had lost much of it's crust from earlier falls, the cheddar cheese (the scent had worsened significantly), and the tin of sardines.

Reginald scoffed. "Sardines! In the air?! This will never work."
He pointed at a large mixing device in the corner that had large glass cylinders of colors in it. "Start. You see those?" Reginald commanded him.

"What?" asked Bertram as he grabbed for the biscuits and accidentally let them go. They smashed.
"Start"
"How?" Bertram asked nervously. "How can I fix the rainbow if I don't know how to make it?"

Reginald threw his hands into the air and gave him instructions.
Bertram was very nervous.

The process was remarkably complicated, involving complex sequences of mixing colours with various, sometimes peculiar, ingredients (the jelly proved surprisingly crucial). He added red with Penelope's strawberry jelly, yellow with cheese dust, green with his garden weeds, blue with a splash of Rainbow River water, and purple. The whole process took the next day. He worked through night, almost tripping, and sleeping but never giving up. He mixed, stirred, poured, and hoped. Bartholomew assisted diligently by attempting to lick a few spots and sometimes going missing completely. Percy the parrot just repeated the process back to him. The rainbow had needed some help, a good stirring to reform, some colour tweaking, but that was nothing Bertram could not do.

Finally, as the sun rose, painting the sky in beautiful pinks and oranges, the last of the ingredients went into the mixture.

Bertram looked at the mix with some dread and was almost certain he was doomed for disaster. The machine started slowly, humming, and spinning, swirling.

A stream of vibrant, pure colour, was spouting, almost exploding, into the morning light.

The rainbow was, slowly, re-assembling itself in the sky! First, a thin arch, then slowly getting wider. And now finally fully stretching across the entire valley.

"It worked!" cried Bertram with joy.

"Yes, it did." Reginald agreed, without too much enthusiasm. He offered Bertram some of his rainbow rhubarb juice which, Bertram had to admit, tasted delicious. Percy gave a cheer as the rainbow glowed on top.

Bertram, covered in a mixture of jelly, colour and other ingredients, was so happy. The work was long and hard. The journey was perilous. But he'd fixed the rainbow!

He packed up his picnic, with only slightly more care than he had before, said a thankful goodbye to Reginald, and he made his way home, still stumbling a little bit. Bartholomew happily ran ahead.

And what happened to the sardines?

Well, those were still the most amazing colours. After so much success, he was no longer worried that it would be a mistake to put it on his crackers. Perhaps, this picnic would not be so bad. He now even appreciated that picnic was so complicated.

As he got to his house, he looked up and there, stretching across the sky in all its glory, was the fully restored rainbow, shining bright above his house and twinkling at him and Bartholomew.

It was, he decided, the best picnic-related reward anyone could ever hope for.

And he also managed to have a very nice, not-too-messy picnic, despite the questionable placement of the sardines, and a now-reformed view on what adventure was all about!
</body>