<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Clock That Could Tell the Future'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Clock That Could Tell the Future</title><body>Barnaby Buttonsworth lived in a house so crooked, it looked like it was perpetually winking. The chimney leaned like a drunk sailor, the windows were all different sizes, and the front door, painted a startling shade of bright green, always seemed to be contemplating a quick escape. Barnaby, a boy of nine with a mop of unruly ginger hair and a nose permanently speckled with a smudge of something or other, lived there with his Gran, a woman whose knitting needles were quicker than a startled squirrel and whose baking could make your toes tap with sheer glee.

One Tuesday morning, whilst rummaging through the attic (a place stuffed with cobwebs, moth-eaten hats, and enough dust to build a small mountain), Barnaby stumbled upon something extraordinary. It was an old clock, round and gold, with swirling, curlicue numbers and hands that looked like tiny, elegant swords. Dust coated its face, but when Barnaby wiped it clean, the clock seemed to wink back at him. This was no ordinary clock.

"Gran!" Barnaby yelled, scrambling down the rickety attic stairs, clutching the clock to his chest. "I found something amazing!"

Gran, who was in the midst of kneading a dough that smelled like sunshine and ginger, looked up, her spectacles perched precariously on her nose. "Well, Barnaby Buttonsworth," she said, wiping flour from her hands, "what have you got there? Another stray kitten? Or perhaps a collection of particularly interesting snails?"

Barnaby beamed. "Better! It's a clock! But not just any clock! This one... this one tells the future!"

Gran chuckled, her eyes twinkling. "Oh, is that so? And what does this future-telling clock say for dinner tonight? Toad-in-the-hole, perhaps?"

Barnaby carefully placed the clock on the kitchen table. He fiddled with the hands, but nothing happened. "I don't know how it works yet," he confessed, "but I can feel it! It's... vibrating with potential!"

That night, after a particularly delicious toad-in-the-hole, Barnaby stayed up, staring at the clock. Suddenly, the hands began to spin, faster and faster, until they were a blur. Then, just as quickly, they stopped, pointing at 3:17. The clock’s face shimmered, and a tiny picture appeared – a picture of Barnaby’s grumpy next-door neighbour, Mr. Grumbles, covered head to toe in purple paint.

“Whoa!” Barnaby whispered. He knew Mr. Grumbles was having a very bad day. He’d been trying to paint his garden shed all afternoon and seemed particularly unhappy. “But… purple paint?”

The next day, Barnaby cautiously crept over to Mr. Grumbles’ house. He peered through the bushes and sure enough, there was Mr. Grumbles, covered in purple paint, from his balding head to his muddy shoes. He was struggling to climb a ladder, his face the color of a ripe tomato. A paint can teetered precariously on the top rung.

Barnaby gasped, remembering what the clock had told him. Suddenly, he realised what had happened! A clumsy cat!

"Oh, dear," Barnaby muttered to himself. As Mr Grumbles was about to fall, the paint can wobbled and sprayed purple paint everywhere! Barnaby gasped, "oh, I am so sorry".

Barnaby hurried home and looked again. The clock was still showing 3:17 and the clock had worked! The clock *did* tell the future! He spent the next few days using the clock to avoid disasters and discover good fortune.

He found out when his Gran was going to bake lemon drizzle cake and made sure he was always around when it was ready. He predicted when the school would be having a non-uniform day (much better than his old uniform!).

But with great power, as the stories said, came great responsibility! The clock’s predictions started to get a little… strange. One morning, the clock showed a picture of a flock of chickens wearing tiny hats, riding bicycles. Barnaby giggled, thinking the clock was malfunctioning. But then he found the chickens wearing hats, having learned how to ride bicycles!

"This is getting ridiculous!" he exclaimed to Gran, after showing her the image. She had just baked another cake. It was the perfect cherry one!

"Indeed, Barnaby," Gran said, thoughtfully stroking her chin. "Perhaps the clock is telling you to do something, not just see something."

Barnaby stared at the clock, feeling bewildered. He’d been so busy watching the future that he hadn’t thought about influencing it. Perhaps he could influence it somehow. This gave him an idea.

The next prediction the clock gave, which had been the next day was a picture of himself wearing a giant cheese costume. He felt an awful mixture of excitement and embarrassment.

Then, he changed things. He looked around the room for items to use. He then altered the image. It seemed to be working and the clocks were no longer in the time it used to be in. He fiddled about the clock again and again, but he couldn’t change the image of himself.

The clock had worked and it had led to a small world changing moment. A boy had dressed in cheese and become known as Barnaby Cheese. He had stopped worrying about what would happen to his life. He had been having so much fun with the clock that he realized that the present, was far more fun to live in than what was to come. Barnaby decided to live in the moment.

And so, Barnaby, the boy who could see the future, discovered that sometimes, the best future is the one you make yourself.