<prompt>
Please write a dialog-based English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Minotaur Who Loved to Give Huge Hugs.'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Minotaur Who Loved to Give Huge Hugs</title>
<body>
“Moo!” boomed a voice.

“Eek!” squeaked a tiny field mouse, scurrying under a giant mushroom.

“Good morning, little one!” rumbled the voice again, softer this time. “No need to be afraid!”

The field mouse, whose name was Squeaky, peeked out from under the mushroom. Standing before her was a Minotaur. Now, you might be thinking, a Minotaur? Aren’t they supposed to be fearsome creatures? This one, however, looked more fluffy than frightening. He had the body of a gentle giant, covered in soft, brown fur, and the head of a happy, smiling bull, with large, kind eyes.

“Are… are you going to eat me?” Squeaky whispered, her tiny nose twitching nervously.

The Minotaur chuckled, a sound like rocks tumbling down a hill. “Eat you? Heavens, no! I’m Barnaby. And I much prefer giving hugs to eating little field mice.” He spread his arms wide, revealing how enormous they were.

Squeaky gulped. Huge hugs from a Minotaur sounded rather intimidating.

“What do you want, Barnaby?” she squeaked, taking a step back.

Barnaby lowered his arms slightly. “I just wanted to say hello! And, if you’re comfortable with it, offer a hug! I love giving them.”

Squeaky was frozen, thinking. On one hand, a giant hug from a creature that looked like he could accidentally squash her seemed risky. On the other, the way his eyes crinkled when he smiled… He didn't seem mean, and he did look rather lonely.

“Um… alright,” she said, surprising herself.

Barnaby beamed, his whole body shaking. He bent down, carefully scooped up Squeaky, and gently, ever so gently, squeezed her into a fluffy hug.

“Mmm, a lovely hug!” Barnaby rumbled contentedly. He put her back down. Squeaky felt… well, rather comfortable. And maybe, just maybe, a little bit warm and fuzzy.

“That… was… nice,” Squeaky admitted, feeling a little silly.

Barnaby’s smile widened. “Excellent! Would you like another?”

“Perhaps not right now. I was on my way to find some seeds,” Squeaky said, her confidence growing.

“Seeds, you say? Then let me help!” Barnaby declared enthusiastically. “I know a place with the best seeds. Follow me!” And with that, he began to lumber towards the edge of the forest.

Squeaky, still slightly dazed from the hug, followed.

They walked along, and Squeaky quickly realized Barnaby was a surprisingly good companion. He had a gentle, shuffling gait, and he pointed out all sorts of interesting things.

"Look! That's a bluebell. Isn’t its colour magnificent?" he boomed gently.

Squeaky agreed and added "And do you see those little white mushrooms there?"

He noticed she seemed excited and grinned. "Oh, are those Fairy caps? I've heard stories about those!"

They soon reached a sun-drenched meadow bursting with wildflowers.

“This is the place!” Barnaby declared, gesturing with a large hoof. "Full of wonderful seeds!"

Sure enough, the meadow was overflowing with plants laden with tasty seeds. Squeaky began gathering them excitedly.

"You could fill your tummy in no time, Squeaky!" Barnaby said.

"You think so?" asked Squeaky.

"Indeed. Perhaps later we can find some delicious fruits?"

"Ooh, I'd love that! I’ve been wanting some berries!"

As Squeaky busied herself collecting seeds, a group of butterflies fluttered by. They were frightened and buzzing and all headed towards Barnaby, as though to get behind him.

"Oh, no! It’s Bartholomew the Bully Bull again," muttered one of the butterflies. "He doesn't let anyone enjoy themselves."

"Bartholomew? Does he live here too?" asked Squeaky, concerned.

"Unfortunately, yes," whispered the butterfly. "He is a nasty bull and bullies anyone who isn’t big and strong."

Just then, a large, gruff voice echoed across the meadow. “What are you doing here, lumbering oaf?”

Bartholomew, a Minotaur with a grumpy face and a nasty gleam in his eyes, stomped towards them. His fur was matted, his horns were sharp, and he looked thoroughly displeased.

Barnaby gulped, shrinking a little. “Just… gathering seeds, Bartholomew.”

“Seeds? In my meadow?” Bartholomew bellowed. “You know I don't like you here. Get out!”

He glared at Squeaky. "And you! What are you doing with this oaf? Shouldn't you be hiding under a mushroom?"

Squeaky felt her fur bristle. This Minotaur was very different to Barnaby. "He's my friend, and we were just enjoying ourselves."

Bartholomew snorted. "Friends? Who wants a friend like this weakling?" He gestured towards Barnaby with his massive horns. "He can't even defend himself!"

"Please, Bartholomew," Barnaby mumbled. "I don't want any trouble."

Bartholomew’s eyes narrowed. “Then leave! Both of you!”

Squeaky, feeling incredibly brave, stood her ground. “We’re not going anywhere. This meadow is for everyone to enjoy.”

Bartholomew scoffed. "We'll see about that!" He lowered his head and charged, aiming to trample them both!

Squeaky, panicked, squeezed her eyes shut, expecting the worst. Then, she felt it. A gigantic, incredibly warm, and surprisingly gentle embrace.

She opened her eyes. Barnaby was standing in front of her, his arms wrapped around both her and himself. Bartholomew slammed into him. The impact rocked Barnaby, but he didn't budge. He just held tight, protecting her.

Bartholomew, momentarily stunned by the unexpected hug, stepped back. He looked utterly bewildered.

“What in the world…?” he stammered.

Barnaby finally released the hug. "I'm just giving a big hug," said Barnaby calmly, wiping dust off of his shoulder. "It’s good for everyone!"

"A hug? You… you gave me a hug?" Bartholomew looked utterly confused. His aggressive stance faltered. He was used to pushing and shoving, but this… this was new.

Squeaky saw her opportunity. "Barnaby likes giving hugs! Would you like one, Bartholomew?" she asked, tilting her head innocently.

Bartholomew stared at them both. His brow furrowed, and his ears twitched. Finally, he mumbled, "I... I don't know." He hesitated. He'd never been offered a hug. In fact, he didn't even think he had ever experienced physical contact other than when pushing.

Barnaby, sensing the unease, took a step closer. “It can make you feel better, Bartholomew. Like a warm blanket on a cold day.” He offered the tiniest smile.

Bartholomew's usual tough façade wavered. “Well… maybe…” he muttered.

Barnaby, being an extremely friendly Minotaur, gently opened his arms. "I promise to give you a very good one. I am the expert, after all!"

With a nervous sigh, Bartholomew slowly approached. He closed his eyes, and a huge hug, followed. Bartholomew, much larger and still a bit hostile, got the most massive hug ever.

"Oof!" Bartholomew managed to exclaim. After the hug, the usually hostile Minotaur looked stunned. After a few moments, a small smile crept onto his face.

When Barnaby released him, Bartholomew looked… well, a lot less grumpy. His posture had softened, and he seemed… a little bit bewildered.

“That… that was… unusual,” he said slowly.

“I think you’d agree?” smiled Squeaky

"Yes," said Bartholomew, grinning now, "it felt.. nice"

"Are you still angry that we're here?" asked Squeaky hopefully.

"Oh," stuttered Bartholomew. "No, not really. This is nice, right?"

Barnaby beamed. "See? Hugs make everything better!" He looked at Squeaky. “Now, should we go berry picking?”

Squeaky smiled at her friend. "Yes, and we may be able to bring some for Bartholomew."

Bartholomew’s ears perked up. "Berries? Hmm. Perhaps…"

From that day on, the meadow was a much friendlier place. Bartholomew, after getting some great hugs and after receiving berries every day, started to warm to Barnaby and Squeaky. He even tried to help.

The three of them explored together. The little field mouse, the grumpy Minotaur, and the gentle giant, discovering the power of friendship – and of course, the very, very powerful hug. And that's how, thanks to the Minotaur who loved to give huge hugs, the meadow, along with all its inhabitants, lived happily ever after.