<prompt>
Please write a silly English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Gracious Wife Caring for Husband With Love.'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Gracious Wife Caring for Husband With Love.</title>
<body>
Once upon a time, in a land filled with giggling goblins and perpetually-raining jellybeans, lived a rather peculiar couple: Bartholomew Buttercup, a man whose beard was perpetually adorned with a misplaced sausage roll, and his wife, Prunella Periwinkle, a woman whose hair was the colour of bubblegum and who spoke almost entirely in rhyming couplets.

Their cottage, perched precariously on the side of Mount Muffin (which, as you might imagine, smelled strongly of baking), was a marvel of wonky windows and doors that sang when they opened. Bartholomew, a self-proclaimed inventor of the silliest variety, spent his days in his cluttered workshop, attempting to build contraptions of utter impracticality. Prunella, on the other hand, dedicated her days to ensuring Bartholomew was, despite his odd habits, as comfortable and content as a caterpillar in a very large, particularly cozy, mitten.

One Tuesday (or, as Prunella would call it, "The day the Tuesday mice did play"), Bartholomew awoke feeling rather… well, peculiar. He announced to Prunella in a voice raspy as a rusty door hinge, “My dear, my dear, I feel quite unwell! My toes have begun to swell!”

Prunella, bustling around the cottage like a hummingbird caught in a snow globe, immediately replied, “Don't you fret, my darling dove! Your sickness, I will swiftly move!”

She promptly fetched a selection of remedies, all of which were decidedly odd. First, she presented him with a potion of pickled plums and polka dots. Bartholomew, squinting at the bubbling, purple concoction, politely declined. “Thank you, my sweet, but I fear that might, on my tummy, do a fight.”

Next, Prunella offered him a pair of socks knitted from spaghetti strands. He gently pointed out, "My dear, they'll not keep me well and grand, for pasta cannot fill your land!"

She followed this up with a plate of custard creams dipped in fish and chips, which Bartholomew regarded with a worried glance. “Oh, dearest wife, I'm sorry, it's true, But food, mixed like this, makes my tummy blue!”

Prunella, however, was undeterred. She knew that, above all, her Bartholomew needed her unwavering affection. "Well then, my dearest, it would seem, This is beyond your custard cream. Perhaps you need a bit of song, To chase the bad feeling along!"

And so, she began to sing. Her voice, a warble of sweet-toned and enthusiastic sound, filled the little cottage. Her song was titled, "The Ballad of the Bungling Bumblebee Who Bounced Beyond the Broccoli Tree". It involved tales of a bumblebee whose legs were built of wood and whose struggles with pollination led to some comic woe. Bartholomew, despite his discomfort, had to admit it was a truly memorable song, though the singing was off-key.

Following the song, Prunella brought forth her ultimate weapon: The Tickle-Me Trowel. This was not your ordinary gardening tool; instead, this was a gardening tool, adorned with bright orange feathers and an enormous, wobbly grin, and when she would rub Bartholomew's feet with the gardening tool, a joyous titter would sound.
“Fear not my honeybun, your fears must flee! Just allow this trowel to tickle thee!” She chirped happily.

Bartholomew wriggled and giggled and shook. Eventually, the terrible sensation seemed to subdue a little. “Oh Prunella,” he chuckled between tickles, “this… feels… quite… splendidly… ridiculous!”

Prunella then made a declaration: “A tonic I must swiftly brew, to get these pesky issues through.”

She set off to the kitchen and returned, moments later, holding aloft a mug of a milky, steaming concoction. It looked vaguely like something a unicorn might cough up after eating a particularly sparkly rainbow. “This tonic, my love, will make you gleam, it is called the… ‘Dream Beam Stream’!”

Bartholomew took a hesitant sip. It tasted vaguely of lavender, turnips, and regret. However, as he drank more, he realised he felt a little… lighter? A strange glow seemed to emanate from his very toes. He cleared his throat, "Prunella, it works, or seems it might... my goodness this is strange and right!"

Prunella clapped her hands with delight. “Excellent, my dear, the battle is won! I'm pleased our adventure is now done.”

He sat up a little and felt the feeling slowly lift and turn to peace. “Indeed, my Prunella,” he said, his voice gaining its regular tone once again, “you, my love, have cured me again! You’re the finest wife any fellow might, hope to share his loving light!”

But alas, just as the good mood returned, something quite dreadful did occur. As Bartholomew stretched, and went to place his feet on the ground, both his feet fell right off.

“Oh bother!” Bartholomew exclaimed in an almost perfect tenor tone.

“Now don’t be cross!” exclaimed Prunella. “There is no need for a frown!”

Immediately Prunella, without delay, began searching the kitchen. Looking through drawers and looking in all the nooks, before finding them on the back of the shelf above the books. She then produced some rubber bands that she held up.
"Here are the cures my handsome dear, which you needn't come to fear!"

Prunella, with remarkable speed, expertly reattached Bartholomew's feet. Using the spaghetti socks to add more form, she had his feet looking grand and lovely, though the process made his knees feel like wobbly noodles for a little.

“See now, you feel great! Ready for the race! I even went out and bought you some space boots and lace!”

With new shoes, Bartholomew leapt from the bed and began dancing, though the boots did not sit quite as he'd hope. As he leapt and danced around, he slipped, and once again tumbled, with his body now lying prostrate to the ground. The shoes were still on the floor, though were very far away.
As Prunella rushed to his aid, she tripped on a rubber chicken, and suddenly felt the world tilt from below, the walls turned upside-down and with a swift clap and a giggle, the story did end.
</body>