<prompt>
Please write a fun and entertaining English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Snowman's Dream of Going on a Summer Vacation'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Snowman's Dream of Going on a Summer Vacation</title><body>
Once upon a time, in a land where winters were long and snowy, lived a very special snowman named Frosty. Now, Frosty wasn't just any snowman; he was a dreamer. He had coal-black eyes that twinkled with imagination, a carrot nose that always seemed to wiggle with excitement, and a twig for a mouth that could barely contain his secret desires.

Frosty loved winter. He reveled in the soft, silent snowfall, the way the snowflakes danced in the air like tiny ballerinas, and the crisp, clean smell of the frozen air. He enjoyed the happy squeals of children building snow forts, throwing snowballs, and of course, building *him*. He’d spend his days watching the little ones from his spot in Mrs. Gable's front garden. But Frosty harbored a secret wish, a desire that warmed his snowy heart more than a crackling fireplace: he longed to go on a summer vacation.

He'd listen intently as the children spoke of sandy beaches, sunny skies, and splashing in the ocean. They'd build sandcastles and search for seashells, describing the feel of warm sand between their toes. He pictured himself, as much as he could picture anything, under a beach umbrella with a brightly coloured Hawaiian shirt on.

"Oh, how wonderful that must be," he'd sigh, the snow crystals around him momentarily seeming to melt slightly, as if echoing his warm thoughts. He'd often turn to the snow globe that little Lily Gable left beside him overnight. Lily was a sweet girl, who understood more than most, and Frosty could often feel her soft energy near him. He would stare at the little sandcastle, a miniature replica of those described. Frosty wondered, oh how could he possibly make this summer holiday a reality?

The thought, of course, was a rather difficult one, considering his core composition. The mere thought of sunlight sent shivers down his… well, *melt-worthy* spine. However, Frosty was determined. He would not let his icy constitution deter him from his summer dream. He began his planning the moment the first signs of spring arrived, and though spring was a dangerous time, his wish was bigger.

First, he consulted the wise old owl, Professor Hoot, who lived in the tallest oak tree in the garden. Professor Hoot, with his spectacles perched on his feathery nose, listened patiently to Frosty’s request. After a thoughtful hoot, the Professor gave his verdict: “My dear Frosty, a summer vacation for a snowman is a daunting task. You will need protection from the sun, a method of transportation, and someone to help you along the way.”

Frosty's carrot nose drooped slightly. “Protection? Transportation? Help? Oh dear! How will I ever manage?”

Professor Hoot offered a glimmer of hope. “Have no fear, young friend! I believe I know just the creature who can help. Seek out Willow the Weasel. She is clever, resourceful, and always up for an adventure."

Frosty thanked the wise owl and scurried (or rather, slowly rolled, which took a while) to find Willow. Willow was usually a tricky creature, prone to mischief and the occasional playful nip, but also known for her big heart. He found Willow sunning herself near the stream, she did seem confused to see the snowman out in daylight. “Willow,” Frosty blurted out, “I need your help! I want to go on a summer vacation, but the sun is my enemy!”

Willow, her whiskers twitching with interest, sat up straight. “A summer vacation, you say? And how would you, a… you know, a snowman, accomplish such a feat?”

Frosty explained his dream, his coal eyes sparkling with hope. Willow, after a moment's thought, agreed to help. She possessed the energy, the brains, and the audacity to pull off such a bold scheme.

“First,” Willow announced, “we need to protect you from the sun. I’ve heard tell of magical cooling cloths that can keep anyone fresh and fine! But you must take a journey to the Wishing Well!"

“A Wishing Well?” Frosty asked, his carrot nose wiggling with anticipation.

Willow grinned. "It's said to be a magical place, but watch out! It might give you more than you asked for!”

And so, the unlikely duo set off. Willow, quick and agile, ran ahead, scouting the path, whilst Frosty trundled slowly behind. Willow also worked on the logistics. How would she, a weasel, carry a whole snowman. She figured if she kept the journey under shade and worked during night, the snowman could roll forward! She worked hard and made sure to bring all that he might require. The trip to the Wishing Well wasn't easy. The sun was beginning to beat down, and Frosty felt himself start to…wobble a little. Thankfully, there were patches of shade under trees and behind the hedges where Willow led them, she kept a watchful eye. It took days of travelling slowly, avoiding open fields and basking sunlight.

Finally, they reached the Wishing Well. It was a beautiful old well, made of mossy stones, with water clear as glass, but not before something unexpected happened! "Wobble? " A high pitched voice called. "You need me!" 

Suddenly, out of thin air, the Ice Spirit of the Wind began to take shape. A delicate figure made from ice that danced with a soft glow. 

"What?!" Cried Willow.

"I heard you, my friend! It can get you through, and carry your wishes, just whisper them!" He replied. 

Willow paused in confusion, but did not lose focus. "Well, then, my wish, Frosty's wish, we just want a cool cloth!"

The Ice Spirit gave a swirl in the water of the Well, and then a single, beautiful piece of the material seemed to just appear at his core! "Here you go!"

"You have been heard!" Shouted the wind, it gently drifted towards Frosty who accepted. "Wrap this tightly, this cooling cloth will make you invisible to the summer, and will protect you from the elements for quite a while! Your journey might actually be possible".

Willow, delighted with the outcome, snatched the cloth and, carefully, wrapped it around Frosty, which instantly seemed to give the snowman some sort of magical look of his own. He was much more opaque and far cooler to the touch. “Magnificent!” Willow exclaimed, “You look… positively… unfrozen!”

Their next challenge: transportation. Frosty, on foot, was simply too slow. Remembering the children's stories of vacations on the water, Willow decided that a boat would be the ideal option. She spotted a small rowboat lying near the edge of the lake, long forgotten and covered in leaves. It looked perfect. However, it needed to be repaired! 

Willow, using all her cunning and resourcefulness, gathered sticks and leaves, and using small stones for nails, she quickly fixed the leaky hull. She convinced a helpful family of beavers to help with the rowing oars. Under the cover of darkness, with the full moon casting a gentle light, they launched their ship onto the water. 

Frosty, now cool and confident under his magical cloth, sat proudly in the front of the boat, with Willow skillfully guiding them across the lake. It felt wonderful. 

The journey on the lake was fun. They dodged playful otters and watched families of ducks paddling on the still waters. The moonlight turned the water silver and glittery. But they soon faced a new challenge. To leave the garden and start his great Summer journey, the little ones were going to come for him, he needed to move before their inevitable games!

Before they could think, Frosty felt a bump at the back of his boat. He slowly, yet powerfully, began to tip and turn. He managed to retain some of the magical magic of his new cloth as he was pulled back toward the shoreline. His dreams were now becoming a reality, however he had an obligation to fulfil.

It turned out it was Lily, the little girl who left the snow globe with him, clinging to the side of the boat. “Frosty!” she cried. “Where are you going? I want to come!”

“Lily!” exclaimed Willow. This wasn't part of the plan, the plans did not ever take children into account! "What are we going to do?"

Frosty, however, remembered how he could feel Lily’s heart, as if she was his very friend. The Ice spirit’s touch seemed to be working. His core was glowing with a desire to help. “Willow, bring her onboard. We must help, there is another wish!" he exclaimed. Willow paused, took a moment, thought to her core.

“Lily, you can’t just… come on our holiday!”

“But I love holidays and I want to come on this one, it looks like fun and if I help… ”

It didn't take much longer for them to get Lily on board. They were all getting on as well. Willow was excited as now the holiday had some sense of fun for her. Soon they were back on track, and headed to the garden's entrance. How they were to get out? They found a friend to help again! A sly Fox saw their dilemma and gave a helpful hand to the exit.

The next day, they made their journey by train to the coast! Their adventure had begun! Their new life, a team of three was on.

They travelled to a sandy beach filled with bright umbrellas, where the water lapped onto the shore. Frosty was nervous to find that now Lily was nearby, she saw all. Could he actually get in? How? With care, Lily gently helped Frosty with a very clever shield of an umbrella she designed! All three were soon on the sands, basking, happy, and living the holiday of their lives!

They built sandcastles, collected seashells, and even dipped their toes in the ocean (or rather, Lily's and Willow’s toes!).

Frosty, for the very first time, finally felt what a summer holiday really meant, though a summer holiday had only recently begun. The sun may have warmed Lily’s skin, it could be tolerated in small quantities, Frosty. The laughter and the new sense of friendship warmed his snowy heart. He learned that summer vacations were less about the sand and the sun, and more about friendship, laughter, and the joy of making new memories.

From that day on, Frosty never lost his love for winter, nor his dream of summer. But now, with a summer holiday on the record, and with two loyal friends at his side, he knew that the most magical time of all was the time spent with those you love, whether it was on a snowy day or a sunny beach. His journey was proof! His Summer Holiday, an undeniable truth.
</body>