<prompt>
Please write a dialog-based English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Felix's Fantastic Feast with the Funny Frog Family'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Felix's Fantastic Feast with the Funny Frog Family</title>
<body>
"Ribbit! Ribbit! Is that a delicious smell I detect?" croaked Ferdinand, a portly frog with spectacles perched precariously on his nose.

"Indeed, it is, Father! It smells like…berries! And…cake?" chimed in Fiona, a slender frog with a bright green bow tied in her hair.

"Oh, this is going to be marvelous!" squeaked Freddie, the youngest frog in the family, hopping excitedly on his webbed feet. He was a small frog, but his enthusiasm filled the meadow.

The source of the enticing aromas was Felix, a young boy with a shock of bright red hair and a perpetually curious look in his eyes. He was setting up a picnic basket under the shade of a giant oak tree.

"Hello there!" Felix called out, noticing the Frog Family emerge from behind a cluster of vibrant wildflowers. "I'm Felix! I'm having a picnic. Would you like to join me?"

Ferdinand puffed out his chest. "Well, as it happens, we, the Funny Frog Family, were just about to have our own…well, a small leaf nibble, you see. But your feast looks…exceptionally tempting."

Fiona giggled. "We do love a good berry, especially the ones that sparkle in the sun!"

Freddie simply jumped up and down, squeaking, "Cake! Cake! Did I smell cake?"

Felix chuckled. "Absolutely! There's berry cake, and strawberry tartlets, and sandwiches, and…well, lots of things! Please, come and join me!"

The Frog Family, after a brief, whispered consultation involving nods and winks, hopped towards the picnic blanket.

"Excellent!" declared Ferdinand, adjusting his spectacles. "We are delighted! I am Ferdinand, the father. This is Fiona, my daughter, and that bundle of bouncing energy is Freddie, our son."

"Hello, Ferdinand, Fiona, and Freddie!" Felix beamed. "I'm so happy to have you! I made all this myself, well, with a little help from my grandma, of course."

Felix opened the picnic basket. "Okay, let's see… sandwiches! We have cucumber and cream cheese, and…oh, these are special, tomato and basil. Fiona, do you like cucumber?"

Fiona’s eyes widened. “Cucumber is my favorite! Especially with cream cheese! Thank you, Felix!” She carefully selected a sandwich.

Freddie, meanwhile, had already zeroed in on the cake. "Cake! Cake! Can I have the one with the red things?"

"Those are strawberries, Freddie," Felix said, smiling. "And yes, you can have one, but eat your sandwich first, okay?"

Freddie, after a moment's consideration, agreed. He snatched a tiny sandwich and, with a determined effort, took a large bite.

Ferdinand observed everything with a keen eye. "You seem to be quite the cook, young Felix. Where did you learn to make such delectable treats?"

"From my grandma!" Felix explained. "She’s the best cook in the world. We always have picnics together. We explore, and we learn about plants, and then we come back and bake! Today we also have little sausage rolls too."

"Sausage rolls! How exciting!" Fiona exclaimed. "What herbs did you use for the sausage rolls? Do you happen to know any about herbs?"

"Oh, yes! We used thyme and rosemary, for the little smell." Felix responded. "Grandma always teaches me about plants too, so I can identify them and make sure everything we eat is safe! Do you like herbs, Fiona?"

"Indeed I do. The lavender is beautiful but it doesn't always taste right. It's nice to know about herbs, though," replied Fiona thoughtfully.

Freddie, finished his sandwich (and nearly half of a strawberry tartlet), hopped over to a patch of colourful wildflowers.

"What are those flowers called?" Felix called out, hoping Freddie would hear his voice over his humming as he approached a collection of blooming flowers.

Freddie, pausing, turned to look and shouted back "Those are bluebells! Aren't they pretty, Felix!"

Felix approached, smiling, and looked with delight as he had never heard of these kind of flowers before! "Yes, they are absolutely stunning. They really are, Freddie. Good spotting! "

"Ribbit! This is lovely!" said Ferdinand, savouring a bite of a cucumber sandwich. "Such a delightful repast and even more delightful company."

"And the conversation! Tell me, Felix, do you often make friends with frogs?" Fiona asked curiously.

Felix laughed. "Well, no, not really! You're the first frog family I've ever had a picnic with! I always liked seeing you hopping along in the meadow, you all are quite amusing to watch when playing!"

"We find humans to be quite fascinating creatures as well," Ferdinand admitted. "Especially those who can bake delicious cakes!"

As the afternoon wore on, the picnic transformed into a lively gathering. The Frog Family shared stories of their meadow adventures. Freddie told tales of chasing butterflies and trying to catch dragonflies. Fiona talked about her favorite swimming spots. Ferdinand explained his detailed plans to start a business and make the perfect jumping shoes for long travels.

Felix, in turn, shared stories about his own adventures, his hobbies, and the books he liked to read. He taught them the names of different birds that visited the oak tree and described the types of insects crawling around the picnic blanket.

"I think I can hear something! What do you hear, Felix?" Freddie asked.

Felix put his ear to the ground. "I hear… water! I think a stream is nearby, lets all go!"

They packed up the remains of the picnic. Fiona and Felix carried the plates, Freddie jumped to find the way. Ferdinand found it rather heavy, but, with their excitement, they followed the youngest of the frog family as they hurried down a little pathway. After a short walk, there it was; a sparkling stream bubbling over smooth stones, trickling and singing into a larger body of water!

"Oh, this is simply splendid!" Ferdinand declared. "Perhaps after this, we can come over to the lake where our home is, so you can see the beautiful reeds. Do you swim often?"

"I absolutely love to swim" Felix replied. "Swimming is my favorite thing!"

"Well then, if that is so, we will have to go down our creek for a spot of tea with our friends, and then, we can go swim in the waters. That sounds nice, doesn't it?"

"It sounds like a perfect way to end our afternoon. And the stream is indeed gorgeous. Thank you for asking to go swimming with you." Felix told Ferdinand

The Frog Family led Felix along the stream towards the sparkling lake, the home of the Frog Family, the sparkling afternoon sun still glinting the waters on the journey. As they walked and enjoyed all there was to do, they had fun conversing and telling stories about each other.

“Ah, here we are!” Ferdinand announced, as the pathway cleared to a vista view of the sparkling water. "I want to introduce you to all of our dear friends! These are Mr. and Mrs. Grunion. and those are all of our friends."

Felix was introduced to various other amphibians, all friendly and curious. They admired Felix's vibrant red hair and eagerly inquired about his cooking skills. The atmosphere was one of shared friendship and camaraderie. Felix, no longer the outsider, felt at ease among his new, aquatic friends.

"What an adventure, Ferdinand, Fiona, and Freddie! This day has been truly fantastic!" Felix said. "I'll never forget our feast, and the fun, especially when we all ended up in the lake together!"

Freddie, exhausted from a day of excitement, gave a yawn. "It was a great picnic! The cake…and the swimming… and the berries!"

Fiona smiled at her brother and said "Yes, everything was wonderful today. Thank you, Felix, for inviting us! And thank you, Ferdinand, for organizing everything. We will see you soon!"

Ferdinand and Fiona beamed and then announced the parting words. "Ribbit, Felix! You are welcome anytime! Consider the Funny Frog Family your friends, we would love you to come back!"

Felix waved goodbye and promised to visit them again. He returned home with a heart full of joy and a memory he would treasure forever, of the day he had shared a fantastic feast with the Funny Frog Family. He began to imagine what would be on the menu of their next gathering… perhaps berry muffins or delicious sandwiches, maybe even a game of "Frog-in-the-pond" at the stream... and now, even more importantly, with new friends. He could already hardly wait!

"I can't wait until next time," Felix whispered to himself, "maybe with Grandma too! I have many recipes I need to share, the Frog family may absolutely love all sorts of new things!"
</body>