<prompt>
Please write a simple and easy-to-follow English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Smiling Scarecrow and the Secret Summer of the Squirrels'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Smiling Scarecrow and the Secret Summer of the Squirrels</title>
<body>
Once upon a time, nestled in the heart of a golden cornfield, stood a scarecrow named Sammy. Sammy wasn't like other scarecrows. Most scarecrows had grumpy faces, stern eyes, and wore patched-up clothes to scare away the crows. But Sammy was different. Sammy had a big, friendly smile stitched across his face, twinkling button eyes, and wore a bright red scarf that always seemed to be blowing in the breeze.

Every morning, as the sun painted the corn stalks with streaks of gold, Sammy would greet the day with a cheerful "Good morning, sunshine!" He loved watching the butterflies flutter, the bumblebees buzz, and the little field mice scamper between the rows of corn. But more than anything, Sammy loved the squirrels.

The squirrels lived in a large oak tree that stood at the edge of the cornfield. They were a lively bunch, with fluffy tails, twitching noses, and a boundless energy that kept Sammy entertained for hours. There was Squeaky, the smallest and the loudest; Nutsy, the clever one who could crack the toughest acorns; and Pip, the adventurous one who was always the first to try something new. And then there was Hazel, the wise old squirrel, the matriarch of the group.

One sunny summer morning, Sammy noticed something unusual. The squirrels were working extra hard, scurrying back and forth from the oak tree to the cornfield, their cheeks bulging. "What are you all doing?" Sammy called out with a friendly wave.

Squeaky, his cheeks overflowing with corn kernels, squeaked, "Busy, busy! Top secret!" He scurried away before Sammy could ask anything else.

Sammy, always curious, watched the squirrels with interest. Nutsy, while burying something in the ground, winked at Sammy and muttered, "Secret…summer…surprise!"

Pip, perched on a tall corn stalk, chattered, "You wouldn't believe it, Sammy! It's going to be the best summer ever!"

Sammy chuckled to himself. He was certainly intrigued. He spent the next few days observing the squirrels, trying to figure out what their secret was. They worked tirelessly, collecting berries, acorns, and seeds. They spent hours digging, burying, and arranging things. The mystery grew with each passing day.

One afternoon, Hazel, the wise old squirrel, approached Sammy. She sat on a nearby bale of hay, her bright eyes twinkling. "Sammy," she said, "we’ve been keeping a secret from you, but you are our friend, and we trust you."

Sammy perked up. "Oh, Hazel! Tell me, tell me!" He wiggled his button eyes with excitement.

Hazel smiled. "We are preparing for a grand summer festival. We’ve gathered food, built little homes, and prepared games. It will be a celebration of all the good things summer brings – the sunshine, the food, and our friendship."

"A festival?" Sammy exclaimed, his stitched-on smile widening. "That sounds wonderful! Can I help?"

Hazel nodded. "Of course, Sammy! We'd love your help. You can help us by keeping an eye on the cornfield, making sure the crows don’t get any ideas about the festival feast!"

Sammy puffed out his chest proudly. "Consider it done!" he announced.

So, Sammy became an honorary member of the squirrel secret. He watched over the cornfield, shooing away any curious crows with a friendly "Shoo, shoo! Nothing to see here!" He helped the squirrels by pointing out juicy berries and warning them about particularly tricky holes. He even started to build a small stage made of fallen leaves for their games.

The day of the festival arrived, bursting with sunshine. The oak tree was decorated with colorful leaves and berries. Little homes were built amongst the roots, and a large table was spread with berries, nuts, and seeds.

All the squirrels were in their best outfits, a collection of carefully selected leaves and flowers. The cornfield smelled wonderfully sweet, filled with the scent of ripening corn.

Squeaky raced over to Sammy, "Come on, Sammy! The festival is starting!"

Sammy, feeling excited and proud, followed Squeaky to the oak tree. He couldn’t believe his eyes. The forest floor transformed into a lively and vibrant world. Games, music, and dances unfolded before him. Nutsy and Pip organized races and a nut-cracking competition. Hazel was giving storytelling, with all the squirrels sitting in a circle and listening in awe.

Sammy joined in the festivities. He watched the squirrel Olympics, cheered on the competitors, and helped them decorate the small stage for a music and dance performance. He learned the squirrel giggle, a high-pitched, infectious sound that echoed through the trees.

He even participated in a berry-eating contest! He didn’t win (he wasn’t the best at chewing quickly), but he certainly enjoyed the sweet taste of the berries.

As the sun began to set, casting long shadows across the cornfield, the squirrels gathered around a bonfire made of small twigs and leaves. They shared stories, sang songs, and laughed until their bellies ached.

Sammy sat beside them, feeling a warmth spread through him. He felt like he truly belonged, like he was a part of something special. He wasn’t just a scarecrow in a cornfield; he was a friend, a confidant, and a cherished member of the squirrel community.

The festival lasted until the stars twinkled brightly in the sky. Exhausted but happy, the squirrels curled up in their cozy homes, filled with laughter and fond memories. Sammy, standing back in his corner of the cornfield, looked up at the stars. He knew that this secret summer festival, filled with the warmth of friendship, would be etched forever in his stitched-on smile. He knew, with all his button heart, that he wouldn’t ever forget the squirrels and their magic. He hoped, as he drifted off to "sleep" – because scarecrows never really slept – that every summer would bring a new adventure and new memories to cherish with his squirrel friends. And as the moon bathed the cornfield in silver light, Sammy smiled, the kind of smile that stretched all the way to his button eyes and to the deep fields of the happiest memories. The next day was sure to be filled with laughter, games, and most importantly, the unending bonds of friendship, a truly beautiful summer with the squirrels.