<prompt>
Please write a dialog-based English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'A Very Sad Tale About the Little Blue Bird'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>A Very Sad Tale About the Little Blue Bird</title><body>

“Chirp, chirp!” sang Pip, the little blue bird, as he hopped from branch to branch. He was a cheerful bird, always ready with a song and a flutter of his bright blue wings. He loved the sunshine, the juicy red berries, and especially, his best friend, Rosie the Robin.

“Good morning, Pip!” chirped Rosie, landing on a branch beside him. Her red breast puffed out with a smile.

“Good morning, Rosie!” Pip replied, his voice filled with glee. “Shall we go hunting for worms today?”

Rosie giggled. “Yes, please! I’m famished. But wait, have you heard? Old Mr. Grumbles is looking for a singer for the Grand Oak's annual Festival!”

Pip’s cheerful chirp faltered. He’d heard of Mr. Grumbles, the grumpy old owl who organised everything. The festival was a big deal, a celebration with music, food, and games for all the forest creatures. But the idea of performing in front of everyone made Pip’s tiny heart flutter nervously.

“The Grand Oak? That sounds… intimidating,” Pip said, his wings drooping slightly.

“Don’t be silly, Pip! You have the sweetest voice in the whole forest!” Rosie encouraged. “Mr. Grumbles needs a special singer to announce the beginning of the festival. You should go for it!”

Pip hesitated. He wanted to sing, he loved to sing! But the thought of Mr. Grumbles' judging gaze made him shy. “I don’t know, Rosie…”

“Come on! What have you got to lose? It would be an honour!” Rosie chirped persuasively. "And the winner gets a whole basket of delicious wild cherries!"

The thought of the wild cherries, his favourite treat, tipped the balance. “Well… maybe… just maybe, I could try,” Pip conceded.

“That’s the spirit!” Rosie hopped with excitement. “Let's practice! We can fly over to the waterfall. Your voice will sound even more beautiful there.”

And so, they flew to the waterfall. As the water cascaded down the rocks, creating a gentle mist, Pip began to sing. His voice, usually bright and clear, now carried a nervous tremor.

“Chirp, chirp… the sun is high…chirp, chirp… the sky so blue…”

“You can do better than that, Pip!” Rosie encouraged, giving him a gentle nudge with her wing. "Remember how you sing when you’re feeling happy?"

Pip took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and imagined all the things he loved – the sun, the berries, the feeling of flying. His song began to flow, becoming smoother, clearer, and filled with his usual joy.

“Chirp, chirp! The sun is high, the sky is blue,
Chirp, chirp! Good berries too, for me and for you!”

Rosie clapped her wings, thrilled. "That was perfect! Now, all you need to do is repeat it with Mr. Grumbles!"

The next day, Pip and Rosie flew towards the Grand Oak, a massive tree that stood proudly at the heart of the forest. As they approached, Pip’s heart pounded in his tiny chest. He saw all sorts of creatures gathering: Squirrels, rabbits, hedgehogs, badgers, all excitedly chatting.

Finally, they saw him: Mr. Grumbles, perched on a branch, his yellow eyes sharp and intimidating.

“Here we are,” Rosie whispered, squeezing Pip's wing gently. “Remember what we practiced. Take a deep breath and sing your heart out.”

Pip fluttered his wings and flew towards Mr. Grumbles. His throat tightened, but he managed a shaky, "Chirp, chirp…"

“You wish to audition?” Mr. Grumbles’ voice was deep and gravelly, sending shivers down Pip's spine.

“Y-yes, sir,” Pip stammered.

Mr. Grumbles gestured with his wing. “Then sing.”

Pip closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and began.

“Chirp, chirp… the sun is high… the sky is blue…” His voice shook, and his beautiful melody felt muffled in his own ears.

Mr. Grumbles remained still and silent. After Pip finished, an eerie silence fell upon the crowd. Even Rosie looked concerned.

Then, Mr. Grumbles slowly blinked his yellow eyes. “Hmph. That was… a song.”

Pip’s heart sank. He knew he hadn’t sung his best.

“Very well,” Mr. Grumbles continued. "Thank you, little bird, you can fly along now".

Pip didn’t want to know. His small blue feathers lost all their sparkle and turned dull gray. Tears welled up in his eyes, making it difficult to see the other creatures around. "What was wrong?" He thought. Did he ruin the Festival? Was he really a bad singer?

Mr. Grumbles then declared, “Next!”

Dejected, Pip flew back to Rosie. His beautiful song for which he practiced for so long had received a terrible critique.

"Oh, Pip, I am so sorry!” Rosie chirped, her voice filled with worry. “I thought it was beautiful.”

Pip sniffled. “He didn’t like it, Rosie. I’m a terrible singer.”

Rosie nuzzled her friend. "Don’t say that! He's a very difficult judge."

Just then, a tall, elegant swan landed gracefully nearby. “Oh my,” the swan stated. “Is the little bird crying?"

Pip, even more distraught, explained the situation.

"The festival starts soon", Rosie explained "but Pip is feeling sad after Mr. Grumbles."

The Swan sighed softly. "That Grumbles. He has an unusual way of showing how things go. Perhaps it wasn't about you as a singer, young one. Perhaps... He does this all the time to ensure the best, even the ones he finds hard to connect with, will have something to share." The swan bowed graciously. "Perhaps this Festival is for others. Perhaps what he is looking for isn’t necessarily song. It’s connection. I would be honoured to play a duet with your dear friend. Come, cheer yourself up! It is always the hardest and easiest parts in life. I want to cheer up your spirit."

Pip's eye's lit up a bit. But with the Swan's help he went in front of Mr. Grumbles, who then was sitting at the main stage to commence his announcement.

Pip saw Rosie smiling at him.

He then spoke again, but the same doubt made his voice falter "Um. Mr. Grumbles?"

"Speak swiftly, Bird!"

"Is...is there a song or performance besides just starting this?"

Mr. Grumbles then said: "You got it. Some bird just like yourself thought it was over, even when they weren't." The owl grinned gently. "Now go ahead! I've been waiting to cheer the youth up. Make it memorable"

The swan landed, as gracious as always, ready to play. Together they chose the forest's song for the Festival, it being the first time ever in history. With the Swan’s help, Pip, using his courage, poured all his feelings into the song, feeling much calmer this time. The lyrics became even more vibrant:

“Chirp, chirp! The sun is high,
Chirp, chirp! In the blue, blue sky.
Good berries ripe for you and me,
Joy and song, for all to see!
Oh, the sun, and berries too,
Happy days, for me and you!”

The other creatures were amazed! Pip's tiny, usually nervous, blue voice was now stronger, and in perfect harmony with the swan. This song sounded like a story to the very beginning! The festival started and continued smoothly. Pip’s joy blossomed. He realised he didn’t have to be the best singer, but could, like a little bird, spread happiness to his friends.

Mr. Grumbles had finally broken into a smile. He went from "grumbles", to "glorious".

Pip and Rosie played the games, and as Pip looked over the group enjoying themselves he smiled. His joy filled his little chest. The taste of wild cherries was perfect.

"Pip", Rosie called. “You see. Not all bad. What about me being able to dance?”

Pip smiled again. “Always the cheerful one, Rosie. I guess the sad tale wasn't as long, or sad, as expected, huh? Now. To the games!"

The End.
</body>