<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Oliver's Journey to Find His Smile'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Oliver's Journey to Find His Smile</title>
<body>
Once upon a time, in a land filled with giggling grasshoppers and babbling brooks that told terrible jokes, lived a little snail named Oliver. Now, Oliver wasn't just any snail. He was a *very* glum snail. His antennae drooped lower than a wilting daisy, and his slime trail, instead of being a sparkly silver, was a dull, greyish sludge.

Oliver didn’t smile. He couldn’t smile. Try as he might, all he could manage was a sort of frown-shaped grimace that resembled a wrinkled prune. Even the sun, a big, cheerful ball of fluff, tried to tickle Oliver with its warm rays, but Oliver just grumbled, "Go away, you bothersome ball of light!"

The other snails in the garden, particularly a boisterous bunch called the Snail Squad – Shelly, Sheldon, and Sheila – were terribly concerned.

“He hasn’t smiled since he was… well, since he *was* a baby snail!” declared Shelly, her shell shimmering with worry.

“It’s a crisis!” boomed Sheldon, flexing his nonexistent muscles (snails don’t have muscles, but Sheldon thought he did).

“We must find him a smile!” Sheila squeaked, her antennae twitching with determination.

And so, the Snail Squad, with Oliver reluctantly in tow, set off on a quest. Their first stop was the Ticklish Toadstool, famous for its uncanny ability to make anyone laugh.

“Maybe the Toadstool can cheer you up, Oliver,” Sheila suggested optimistically.

They slowly – and I mean *very* slowly – approached the Ticklish Toadstool, which, as it happened, was covered in bright red spots and wiggled with an almost alarming enthusiasm.

"Hello, Toadstool," Shelly greeted, carefully avoiding a particularly energetic wiggle.

The Toadstool, in a voice like a rubber chicken being strangled, replied, "Wiggle wiggle! Who comes to tickle me?"

Oliver, of course, just glared.

Shelly, ignoring the glare, said, "We've brought Oliver. He… he hasn't smiled in, well, forever."

The Ticklish Toadstool wriggled even harder. "Oh, I can certainly fix that! I'm the tickle-meister of this forest!" It then proceeded to attempt to tickle Oliver with its stem, which, considering the stem was covered in spores and vaguely smelled of earthworms, was not exactly the most pleasant of experiences.

Oliver remained unmoved. He merely burrowed further into his shell and emitted a grumpy grunt.

The Snail Squad sighed in defeat.

"Right, plan B!" Sheldon announced, puffing out his non-existent chest. "The Giggle-Weed! Legends say it can make even the grumpiest of grumps giggle!"

The Giggle-Weed was located at the edge of the garden, guarded by a grumpy, ancient gnome named Gnorman, who hoarded lost buttons and complained about the quality of gnome hats.

"We want the Giggle-Weed!" Sheldon demanded.

Gnorman, whose beard was the same colour as Oliver's slime trail, glared. “The Giggle-Weed is not for casual giggle-mongering! It’s only for… exceptionally funny situations!”

Shelly, always the diplomat, said, "Please, Gnorman. Oliver needs a smile. He’s terribly unhappy.”

Gnorman grumbled, "Unlikely. Unhappiness is far more reliable than laughter. Laughter fades. Buttons endure."

Sheila then had a brilliant idea. She fumbled in her shell (snails’ shells are surprisingly like tiny little backpacks) and pulled out a shiny, perfectly round button.

“Here, Gnorman! A button! Shiny, round, perfectly… button-y!”

Gnorman's eyes lit up. He examined the button with meticulous care, his grumpy expression softening. He practically purred, "A truly magnificent button! Perhaps... just perhaps... I can allow a *tiny* sprig of the Giggle-Weed..." He sniffed. "...for such a fine button."

He plucked a single, slightly wilted sprig from the Giggle-Weed. "Don't get your hopes up, little snail," he warned Oliver. "It's only mildly ticklish."

Oliver nibbled on the sprig, looking utterly miserable. He chewed… and chewed… and then he sneezed. A massive, earth-shattering sneeze that shook the very foundations of the garden. But still... no smile.

“Next!” Sheila chirped, refusing to be discouraged.

Their next adventure took them to the Wise Old Owl, known throughout the forest for his riddles and his booming, opinionated hoot.

"What is the sound a sad potato makes?" the owl hooted, staring directly at Oliver.

Oliver grumbled under his breath, "I don't know. What *does* a sad potato sound like?"

"It *cries*!" the owl boomed.

The Snail Squad giggled, which only made Oliver more frustrated.

They spent the next hour listening to riddles, none of which made Oliver even twitch. The owl, finally exasperated, hooted, “Perhaps the problem isn’t a lack of *something* to laugh at, but a lack of *understanding* of what’s actually funny! Tell me, little snail… what DO you like?”

Oliver, after much hesitation, said, "I like... dew drops. They're nice and clean."

The owl paused. “Indeed. Interesting. And…?”

Oliver scrunched up his face. “And… I like when it rains and the world smells like… dirt!”

“Hmph,” the owl said, thoughtfully. “Try this then!” He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and did… a perfect impression of a soggy, smelly dirt clod.

Oliver, to the amazement of the Snail Squad, looked thoughtful for a moment. He paused, the wheels in his snail-brain turning, then let out a small... snort.

It wasn't a smile. It was barely a flicker of a snort.

The Wise Old Owl puffed out his feathery chest, then explained his plan.

“I believe,” he announced, “that the greatest joys come from the appreciation of simple things, combined with a dose of… surprise!” He handed the Snail Squad a small, shiny pebble and pointed towards a puddle. "The pebbles should keep the journey a lot faster."

They followed his advice. And they found themselves next to a vast expanse of freshly tilled earth - Oliver's favourite, wet, dark, rich soil.

That's when Shelly got a spark. She had an idea, and it involved a few shiny pebbles. They'd have to be sure to do this right.

Oliver, still looking miserable, sat on the bank of the new pond.

"Right!" said Shelly. "Are we ready to have fun? We each place a stone!"

She looked at Oliver. "Now, one by one, close your eyes, and picture something truly horrible! Then think of all your favorite things."

Oliver reluctantly closed his eyes. Then they gently dropped the stones into the water. Splash! Splash! Splash!

Then the unexpected happened: A tiny little frog, green as lettuce, jumped right on top of Oliver, squelched down, and said, "I'm supposed to sit on you, in the hope that you smile!"

Oliver blinked.

He looked at the frog.

He looked at the puddle.

He looked at the Snail Squad.

He looked at the glistening pebbles at the bottom of the new pond, reflecting the sunset and the giggling grasshoppers. He looked at the freshly tilled earth, with its earthy, rich smell.

He considered the grumpy Gnorman and his magnificent buttons.

Then, Oliver did something quite extraordinary. He felt a twitching inside of him. It began as a tiny vibration, deep within his snail-self. He thought back about the soggy dirt clod and then remembered what the old owl had said to do. The picture and the plan... and suddenly, he... began... to… chuckle.

Then, he... giggled.

Then...

A huge, radiant, magnificent *smile* burst across Oliver’s face. It spread like sunshine, banishing the greyish sludge and transforming his slime trail into a sparkling, joyful, silver river.

The Snail Squad cheered! The Frog looked relieved! The grasshoppers stopped giggling to gawk. The sun peeked through the clouds, bathing the garden in warm, golden light. Even the grumpy Gnorman, hearing the commotion, cracked a tiny smile of his own, muttering something about the ridiculousness of it all.

Oliver had finally found his smile. It wasn’t at the Ticklish Toadstool, or with the Giggle-Weed, or with the riddles of the owl. He found his smile by appreciating the things he liked, by a bit of the surprise, and with some help from his friends. He realized that sometimes, the silliest things – even a frog sitting on him – were the things that brought the greatest joy. And from that day on, Oliver smiled, and smiled, and smiled, and his slime trail was the shiniest and the most joyful in the whole, wide, giggling garden. And that, my friends, is a *very* good ending.
</body>