<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Penelope's Perfectly Peculiar Parrot and the Pirate's Lost Treasure'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Penelope's Perfectly Peculiar Parrot and the Pirate's Lost Treasure</title><body>

Penelope Periwinkle, a girl whose hair resembled a haystack and whose spectacles perpetually threatened to slide off her nose, was not like other children. While they were chasing butterflies, she was usually found interviewing squirrels (which, she'd concluded, had very little to say beyond, "Nuts, nuts, and more nuts!"). And while they were building sandcastles, she was busy deciphering the secret code written on a particularly wrinkly pear.

But Penelope wasn’t entirely alone. She had Percy. Percy wasn’t just any parrot; he was, as Penelope liked to declare, “perfectly peculiar.” He had a bright green feathery coat that was perpetually ruffled, a vocabulary wider than the local librarian’s, and a peculiar fondness for reciting Shakespeare while perched atop a rubber duck. He could also, Penelope suspected, hold a grudge longer than a grumpy badger.

One blustery Tuesday, whilst Penelope was attempting (and failing miserably) to teach a particularly stubborn spider to knit, Percy squawked, "Avast ye, landlubber! I've a tale of buried booty!"

Penelope nearly tripped over a rogue skipping rope. "Booty, Percy? Are you speaking of treasure?" She adored treasure. Especially treasure maps with spidery ink and cryptic clues.

Percy puffed out his chest, knocking over the rubber duck. “Aye, a treasure of the scurvy sea-dog, One-Eyed Bartholomew! He lost his treasure ages ago. Legend says it holds… GOLDFISH-SHAPED BISCUITS!"

Penelope's jaw dropped. Goldfish-shaped biscuits were her *favourite*. "A map, Percy? Do we have a map?"

"Indeed, we do! Bartholomew himself penned it, just before he sailed off… permanently," Percy added with a dramatic wing-flap. He promptly produced a small, crumpled piece of parchment from underneath his favourite twig perch. It looked suspiciously like it had been nibbled on by something particularly peckish.

The map was a marvel of artistic (or rather, lack-of-artistic) ability. A shaky "X" marked the spot, surrounded by drawings that could vaguely be interpreted as a large wobbly oak tree, a grumpy-looking rock, and something that might, possibly, be a very confused starfish. The only legible word, scrawled across the top in what looked like pirate-speak (or perhaps just very messy writing), was “Glugglug”.

“Glugglug?” Penelope pondered, adjusting her spectacles. “What could 'Glugglug' mean, Percy?"

Percy shrugged, scattering a flurry of green feathers. "Could be anything! The pirate's secret password! A sound effect for when he dives into the sea! Or perhaps, a very thirsty pigeon nearby… who knows? Onward, to adventure!”

Thus began their quest. Penelope packed a satchel with magnifying glasses, emergency cheese sandwiches (essential for sustenance during pirate treasure hunts), and a notebook to meticulously record their findings. Percy, naturally, took charge of navigating and dispensing theatrical commentary, as was his custom.

Their first clue led them to a particularly grumpy-looking oak tree in the local park. They spent a solid hour scrutinising every branch, every knot, every bump in the bark. Penelope meticulously took notes, sketching each feature with astonishing detail, whilst Percy continuously quoted from Macbeth. “Out, damned spot! Out, I say!” he'd squawk, much to the amusement of a nearby squirrel.

Eventually, Penelope spotted something. A tiny, almost invisible carving on the trunk. It looked like… a very miniature, slightly-crooked, pair of spectacles!

“Percy! I believe this indicates… another clue!” she declared triumphantly.

Percy, having momentarily forgotten the treasure, was in the middle of a dramatic rendition of Hamlet's famous soliloquy. He stopped mid-sentence, mid-squawk. "Spectacles, you say? Blast! Those scoundrels!” He seemed quite personally affronted that the pirate, One-Eyed Bartholomew, had included spectacles in his riddle.

The clue indicated "Beneath the Grumpy Rock". They hurried on to the second clue, which, predictably, was a very large, grumpy-looking rock. Penelope peered underneath, but found only a few worms and a rather disgruntled earthworm wearing a miniature top hat.

“Not here, alas!” Penelope announced, dejected.

Percy hopped around the rock, muttering to himself. Then, he stopped. "Glugglug," he squawked. "Remember 'Glugglug', Penelope?"

Penelope, after staring at the map again, noticed something she'd missed. Next to the 'Grumpy Rock', there was a rather peculiar, half-drawn swirl.

"Percy, look! This swirl! It's… it looks a bit like a pond! A little pond! A pond might 'glugglug'," Penelope exclaimed, her spectacles nearly slipping off her nose in her excitement.

They rushed off to the pond in the centre of the park. The pond wasn't particularly large, or exciting, mostly populated by grumpy ducks and a very assertive goose. They examined every pebble, every blade of grass, every ripple. Penelope was about to give up, defeated, when Percy spotted something.

Hidden under a particularly slimy lily pad was a small, wooden box. It was waterlogged and covered in algae, but definitely a box.

Penelope pulled it out with a triumphant shout. They eagerly pried open the box, half expecting to find glistening gold coins, jeweled swords, or maybe even a talking unicorn (Penelope had a rather vivid imagination).

Inside the box, amongst the waterlogged leaves and decaying twigs, they found it.

…A bag of soggy, slightly squashed… Goldfish-shaped biscuits!

Penelope’s face fell. “Oh… goldfish-shaped biscuits. Not even the nice, crispy kind."

Percy, however, was ecstatic. "Goldfish-shaped biscuits! Treasures indeed! Now, where's the pirate's grog?!" He then promptly ate two or three of the biscuits and announced: "To hell with the biscuits! I need tea!"

Penelope stared at the treasure, then at Percy, who was busily trying to find a small, wet piece of tissue to wipe his beak on. The situation demanded a degree of… contemplation. Then, a giggle escaped Penelope’s lips, which soon blossomed into a full-blown laugh. It seemed, the pirate had a quirky sense of humour.

After that, both Penelope and Percy had the idea that one adventure deserves another! And they ate the remaining biscuits while they plotted their next adventure. Their adventure would concern the case of a missing magic wand…but that is another story for another time! As Percy happily finished his biscuit, he began to chirp a verse of William Shakespeare:
"To be, or not to be, that is the question!"

Penelope, seeing Percy's utter joy, adjusted her spectacles with a satisfied smile.
Being a Peculiar parrot was worth the time! The very best things in the world sometimes come soggy or a little strange. They had been through a wonderful adventure together, with a little fun, and laughter, and of course… biscuits! The best kind of treasure is sharing adventures, no matter the size or the state of your goldfish-shaped biscuits!

The End.
</body>