<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'A Birthday Cake for the Giants'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>A Birthday Cake for the Giants</title>
<body>
Barnaby Button was, without a doubt, the most enthusiastic baker in Bumblebrook. His kitchen, which was, admittedly, the size of a garden shed, was constantly filled with the aroma of bubbling batter, melting butter, and the faint, but persistent, odour of slightly burnt sugar. Barnaby loved to bake, especially for the Bumblebrook Bumble-Bakers' Club, a group of highly strung pensioners and a very confused sheep named Sheila, who somehow, often, ended up with a smear of custard on her wool.

One day, a messenger, a particularly speedy snail named Reginald, zoomed into Barnaby’s kitchen. Reginald was panting. "Barnaby! Barnaby!" he squeaked, nearly losing his grip on the little wooden scooter he used for deliveries. "The Giants! They’re having a birthday! They need a cake! A HUGE cake!"

Barnaby’s eyes widened. Giants! He'd only ever read about them in Mrs. Higgins' library books. Giants, according to the rather dog-eared pages, ate everything! Mountains of mashed potatoes, rivers of root beer, and forests of… well, he didn't want to imagine forests of food. He gulped. A cake for a giant? This was the baking challenge of a lifetime!

"How big?" Barnaby managed to ask, wiping a stray bit of flour from his cheek.

Reginald, who was now perched precariously on a teacup, took a deep breath. "The…the… size of a small… small… mountain!" he gasped. He promptly fell off the teacup with a soft *thud*.

Barnaby’s heart did a somersault. A mountain! He’d need… a LOT of ingredients.

He quickly assembled a shopping list:

*   One thousand eggs (free range, obviously!)
*   Five hundred pounds of flour (the finest, strongest stuff!)
*   Two hundred pounds of sugar (for maximum sweetness!)
*   A vat of vanilla extract (to make everything smell lovely!)
*   A herd of milk cows (he wasn’t quite sure how many constituted a "herd" but he was taking no chances!)
*   And, just to be on the safe side, a very, very large whisk.

He immediately rushed out, leaving a trail of flour-dusted footprints. First stop: Farmer Giles' farm. "Farmer Giles!" Barnaby bellowed, forgetting his indoor voice. "I need a herd of milk cows! For… baking purposes!"

Farmer Giles, a portly man with a walrus moustache and a fondness for wellington boots, blinked. "Baking purposes, eh? And what, pray tell, are you baking, Barnaby?"

"A cake!" Barnaby beamed. "For the giants!"

Farmer Giles scratched his head. "Giants, you say? Well, I do have a few… enthusiastic cows. They tend to… *overproduce*." He winked. "Perhaps they'll be just what you need!"

Next stop, Mrs. Higgins’ General Store. Mrs. Higgins, a small woman with spectacles perched on her nose and a habit of tapping her chin thoughtfully, almost fainted when Barnaby’s shopping list. "A thousand eggs, you say? Good heavens! And where do you propose to put them all?"

"In the cake!" Barnaby declared, waving his whisk.

Mrs. Higgins’ spectacles slid down her nose. "Well, I do have a rather large storage container… previously used for… pickled onions. But it’ll have to do, won’t it?"

Soon, the kitchen was transformed. It was chaos! Eggs were being cracked at the speed of a thousand bumblebees, flour billowed like a snowstorm, and the “herd” of cows, driven by a slightly embarrassed Farmer Giles, were gently mooing in the garden. Sheila the sheep, covered head-to-toe in sticky dough, was happily munching on stray oats.

Barnaby, covered from head to toe in batter, began mixing. The whisk, which he’d borrowed from the Bumblebrook Bakery, felt like it might actually take off. He started with the eggs (all one thousand of them!). Then came the flour. He struggled, sweat dripping down his face, his tiny arms aching, but he kept mixing. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, he added the vanilla. The aroma was divine. It was truly a magnificent, if somewhat lopsided, mess.

"Right!" he declared, surveying the colossal, slightly wobbly, blob of cake mixture. "Now… how to bake it?"

He remembered what Mrs. Higgins had told him about giant baking: big fires! Big ovens! He ran back outside. He could see the baker from Bumblebrook setting up a giant oven. It was built from rock, a massive dome with a huge fire pit ready in its base. It looked like something out of a wizarding movie.

Barnaby, in his wisdom, thought of a different plan: the best and possibly the largest fire place of his own design. He found an old, unused volcano. It had been dormant for ages. He knew there were no gasses so that he could bring in a great amount of timber, to use for heating purposes. After bringing the base down using ropes he would construct the base on a farm's side and move all the materials onto its top with the help of a rope system. That took almost three weeks.

Once all was complete Barnaby asked Reginald for help to call for all his friends. It took a very large crane, borrowed from the perpetually grumpy Mr. Grumbly who runs the scrap yard, and every villager, including Sheila (who, despite her best efforts, still had custard smeared in her wool) to pour the batter into it.

Then, they spent three days. Three days! Filling the gigantic base he built in its base with the firewood. Three whole days feeding the fire! The smell of baking cake wafted through Bumblebrook, attracting every animal for miles around. Even the shy badgers emerged from their burrows, sniffing the air with greedy little noses.

Finally, on the morning of the Giant's birthday, it was done. The giant cake, the size of the small volcano it was built in, stood magnificent. Browned perfectly on the outside. It had taken weeks of work, but at last, all the components had coalesced.

Reginald arrived, riding in a tiny hot air balloon he'd fashioned from a tea cosy and some string. He popped to the surface to deliver one last important piece of news.

"Barnaby! The giants! They're on their way! They said… they said they're very hungry!" Reginald squeaked excitedly, spinning on a miniature trampoline that somehow managed to remain upright throughout the balloon's flight.

Barnaby swallowed hard. Giants! Ready to eat his cake! This was it. His moment of glory.

And, at that moment, he was proven correct, because two giants with their small pet came. He almost fainted seeing the size difference, that he then almost fell down to his bottom on his stomach, if it wasn't for Mr. Grumbly's assistance he was going to taste the soil first! He recovered and ran to greet the giant and with much emotion, that he spoke his heart to show his affection to the giant. After much talk with his words, both had tears to the happiness he caused! The smaller giant was quite pleased. Barnaby took this as an excellent opportunity. The giant was grateful that the other one was very shy, in fact! He then decided to call a meeting and share all the pieces. Both giant and a happy boy would finally know the joys of true friendship!
The giants then reached, taking great steps across the land, a group of gigantic shadows cast before them as the sun slowly set the evening of that grand day.
Finally, they reached the summit of the volcano. The entire Bumblebrook population stood with Barnaby, eager to witness the moment.
As the giants approached their enormous, cakey mountain, Barnaby had one last job to do! He pulled out a huge, slightly wonky, but nevertheless fabulous sign. It read, in letters almost as big as the giants themselves: "HAPPY BIRTHDAY, GIANTS!"

The giants’ faces lit up. They cheered a great happy sound as Barnaby made it all for them and shouted at the highest they could. They cheered, which sounded a bit like a landslide! The sound caused a flock of birds to shoot from the sky.
One giant, who was named Bartholomew, bent down. He peered at the cake. The smell made his eyes water with joy. Then, the other giant, Gertrude, nudged him with her elbow, trying to see a better view of the giant cake!

They then tasted the cake. Both felt with an extreme sensation of delicious and savory at the same time. They had never eaten something this good. That would be all! The two giants then cheered, this time shouting, "Mmm… cake!"

They took their giant-sized forks, and each, using both arms, took their piece. They ate like kings and, because of the quality, offered Barnaby the chance to join their realm. He had the right to share any time. So they celebrated by eating slices, until nothing was left but the volcano's walls, and some crumbs that even Sheila the sheep had left untouched.

Bartholomew and Gertrude promised they'd return next year for another slice. And who knows what wonderful baking adventure Barnaby Button would dream up then?
The end.
</body>