<prompt>
Please write a funny English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'A Little Dragon Learning To Breathe Sparkly Bubbles'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>A Little Dragon Learning To Breathe Sparkly Bubbles</title>
<body>
Once upon a time, nestled in the giggle-inducing Gloomgloom Mountains, lived a little dragon named Sparky. Now, Sparky wasn’t like the other dragons. Most dragons, you see, could breathe fire. Roaring, scorching, fiery, world-trembling fire! But Sparky? Sparky could only… well, he could only cough. And occasionally, he’d manage a tiny puff of what could best be described as slightly smoky air.

This made Sparky terribly sad. He wanted to be impressive! He wanted to toast marshmallows without needing his mum to hold the skewer! He wanted to scare away the grumpy goblins that lived at the foot of the Gloomgloom Mountains (though secretly, he quite liked them).

His mum, a large, emerald-scaled dragon named Esmeralda, tried her best to cheer him up. "Don't worry, sweetie pie!" she’d boom, her voice echoing through the cavern. "Everyone learns at their own pace! You just need practice!"

And practice they did. Every day, Sparky would stand on a craggy rock, take a deep breath, and… *cough*. He'd cough so hard, his little dragon tail would thump against the stone, and the dust would swirl around his tiny, frustrated snout.

"Try thinking happy thoughts!" Esmeralda would suggest, fanning herself with a large, shimmering wing. "Think about fluffy clouds, and… and… tasty grubs!"

Sparky tried. He closed his eyes and thought of fluffy, marshmallow-shaped clouds, and succulent, juicy grubs (which, to a dragon, were the culinary equivalent of a gourmet feast). He breathed in, he concentrated, and… *cough, splutter, puff*. This time, a tiny, almost imperceptible wisp of smoke emerged.

"Progress!" Esmeralda boomed encouragingly. "Excellent, darling! Now, what about trying to… visualise a bonfire?"

Sparky, having never actually seen a bonfire, imagined a large, glowing gingerbread house. He breathed in deeply and with all his might and… *cough, cough, wheeze, a tiny wisp of pale blue smoke and a small, round… thing…*

"What… what was *that*?" he squeaked, eyes wide.

Esmeralda peered at the tiny, floating object. "Is… is that a… bubble?" she whispered, as cautiously as if she was approaching a particularly grumpy badger.

Sparky stared, mouth agape. Floating serenely in the air was a perfect, shimmering, iridescent bubble. It drifted gently, catching the light and twinkling with a rainbow of colours.

"A… a bubble?" Sparky mumbled, his tiny claws clenching with a mixture of excitement and confusion.

"Well," Esmeralda mused, stroking her chin with a thoughtful claw, "it certainly appears to be! Now, what colour is it? Is it… sparkly?"

Sparky took a hesitant, slightly trembling breath. Then, in a moment of utter disbelief, he puffed out another bubble! And another! And another! This time, they weren't just bubbles. They were *sparkly* bubbles! Each one shimmered and shone with a thousand tiny, dazzling lights.

Sparky whooped with delight. He flapped his tiny wings and chased after his bubbly creations, his heart filled with glee. He wasn't breathing fire, no. He was breathing sparkly bubbles!

Over the next few weeks, Sparky practiced diligently. He discovered that imagining funny things helped. He learned that burping helped too (though Esmeralda didn’t entirely approve of that particular technique). He perfected his bubble-blowing technique, experimenting with different sizes and colours. Sometimes, his bubbles were pale pink, like fairy floss. Other times, they were the vibrant blue of a summer sky. Once, he even managed to blow a bubble the size of a small apple that was filled with tiny, miniature rainbows.

The grumpy goblins at the foot of the mountains, who had previously sneered at the coughing dragon, were now utterly mesmerized. They’d stop their grumbling and stare, goggle-eyed, as Sparky sent streams of sparkly bubbles drifting towards the valley floor. They even started to leave him little presents, like shiny pebbles and surprisingly delicious, albeit slightly mouldy, mushrooms.

One day, while practicing his bubble-blowing near a bubbling, crystal-clear stream, Sparky accidentally stumbled. He tripped over a particularly lumpy rock and fell, tumbling headfirst into the stream!

He flailed and splashed, desperately trying to right himself. He gulped down mouthfuls of water and spluttered, utterly terrified.

Suddenly, he felt a strong gust of air, and his head popped out of the water. Esmeralda, who had seen her son’s mishap, was right there, using her immense wings to create a wind current that kept Sparky afloat.

"Are you alright, my sweet pea?" she roared, her voice filled with worry.

Sparky coughed and spluttered, shaking water from his face. "I… I think so!" he squeaked.

As he coughed, however, he felt a strange sensation in his throat. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath… and, *whoosh!* A giant, shimmering, multi-coloured bubble erupted from his snout! It was the biggest, most spectacular bubble he had ever created. It encased him completely, forming a protective sphere around his trembling body.

Inside the bubble, the world seemed to shimmer and distort. The colours were intensified, the sounds muffled. Then, something incredible happened. As the bubble drifted towards the waterfall nearby, it didn’t pop. Instead, it stayed intact, protecting Sparky from the torrent of water cascading down.

Sparky, initially terrified, looked around and giggled! He was floating safely inside a giant, sparkly bubble, tumbling gently towards the pool at the bottom of the waterfall. It was like a water slide made of sunshine and rainbows!

When the bubble reached the pool, it simply… dissolved, leaving Sparky bobbing merrily in the water.

"Wow!" he gasped, eyes wide with wonder.

Esmeralda landed beside him, relief flooding her emerald scales. "That was… incredible, Sparky! You used your bubbles to save yourself!"

Sparky beamed. He realised then that his bubble-blowing wasn't just a bit different from fire-breathing. It was *special*. He could use his bubbles to bring joy, to entertain, and even to help!

From that day on, Sparky's life was filled with bubble-blowing adventures. He rescued kittens from trees with giant bubbles, made floating castles out of shimmering bubbles for the little gnome children, and even helped the grumpy goblins by creating a bubble-proof barrier around their mushrooms during a particularly nasty rainstorm.

He was no longer just the little dragon who coughed and blew bubbles. He was Sparky, the sparkly bubble dragon! He was a hero! And best of all, he was incredibly happy, covered in the glitter and shimmering residue of his bubbly magic, loved by all the creatures, big and small, of the Gloomgloom Mountains. Even the grumpy goblins learned to appreciate the sparkle! And sometimes, just for fun, Sparky and Esmeralda would practice together, filling the air with a joyful kaleidoscope of sparkling bubbles, each one a tiny explosion of happiness in the world.
</body>