<prompt>
Please write a emotional English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'Princess Poppy's Petrifying Problem'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>Princess Poppy's Petrifying Problem</title>
<body>
Princess Poppy lived in a castle made of spun sugar. Okay, maybe not *entirely* of sugar. It had stone walls, of course, but the turrets were frosted with pink icing, the windows were decorated with candied fruit, and the gates, oh, the gates! They were made of shimmering gingerbread, always freshly baked.

Poppy adored her sugary home, but lately, a giant, sticky problem had arrived: fear.

It wasn't the fear of dragons, though tales of fire-breathing beasts were quite popular in the castle library. Nor was it the fear of the wicked witch who, according to rumour, lived in a chocolate cottage nearby. Poppy wasn’t afraid of these things. No, her fear was much more subtle, more insidious, and much, much closer to home.

It all began a few weeks ago. The Royal Bakers, bless their sugary hearts, had created a magnificent cake for her tenth birthday. It was a multi-tiered masterpiece, sculpted with edible flowers and topped with a sparkling crown of crystallized cherries. As Poppy prepared to blow out the candles, a tiny voice, no bigger than a hummingbird’s chirp, whispered, "What if I mess up?"

Poppy didn't understand. She'd never thought she would "mess up" something. She blew out the candles, ate her slice of cake (delicious!), and went to bed. But the voice, the tiny whisper of "What if I mess up?" followed her.

The next day, she was supposed to host a tea party for the other princesses in the kingdom. She'd chosen the finest china, arranged the perfect finger sandwiches (cucumber and cream cheese, naturally), and even prepared a new game, “Pin the tiara on the Princess.” As she stepped into the ballroom, the hummingbird voice returned: "What if they don't like the sandwiches? What if the game is boring? What if they laugh at your dress?"

The tea party was a disaster. Princess Petunia spilled her tea, Princess Lavender refused to eat the cucumber sandwiches (said they were “too green”), and during "Pin the tiara on the Princess," Poppy accidentally pinned the tiara onto a footstool. She stammered, she blushed, and she felt her cheeks burn with shame. From then on, the hummingbird's whispers grew louder and more persistent.

The fear blossomed. It wrapped around her like a thorny vine, making it difficult to breathe, to laugh, to even think clearly. She began to dread everything: lessons with her tutor, the piano practice she once loved, even playing in the castle gardens.

She found herself avoiding her friends, hiding in her room, and staring out the window, watching the sugary world go by without her. The gingerbread gates, once so enticing, seemed to mock her. The pink-iced turrets felt suffocating. Even her sweet, fluffy corgi, Pipkin, couldn't cheer her up.

One sunny afternoon, Poppy was sitting on her bed, clutching a crumpled sketch of a rather pathetic-looking unicorn. The Royal Artist had been coming to give Poppy lessons, but today Poppy said she wasn’t feeling well. She'd forgotten what she liked to draw and the tiny, fearful voice was shrieking “It's terrible! They’ll laugh! You’re not good enough!”

A soft knock came at the door. "May I come in, Poppy-petal?"

It was Queen Magnolia, her mother.

Poppy mumbled, "Not now, Mother."

But the door creaked open anyway. Queen Magnolia entered, her silver crown gleaming in the afternoon light. She looked at her daughter with understanding in her eyes.

“Oh, Poppy,” she said gently, sitting on the bed. “Pipkin told me you weren’t feeling well. Are you sure it’s a tummy ache?”

Poppy looked down at her hands, twisting them. "It's… it's not a tummy ache, Mother."

Queen Magnolia waited patiently. Finally, Poppy, her voice barely a whisper, said, "I'm… I'm afraid."

"Afraid?" Queen Magnolia inquired, her voice a comforting melody. "Of what, my darling?"

Poppy took a deep breath and the words tumbled out, a jumbled mix of anxieties. She confessed about the tea party, the terrible sketch, her fear of the Royal Ball which was quickly approaching and the hummingbird voice that haunted her, whispering of failure.

Queen Magnolia listened without interruption. When Poppy was finished, the queen stroked her daughter’s hair. “My dearest Poppy,” she said softly, “Fear is a tricky thing. It likes to hide in the shadows, pretending to be something it’s not.”

She sat with Poppy in silence for a moment and then said “Tell me about the hummingbird voice?”

“It always whispers ‘you can’t’. It tells me I will fail and other people will be disappointed in me. Now I think I am failing even before I try.”

"Ah, yes," said the queen, "the 'you-can't' whispers are particularly nasty. They try to steal your joy, don't they?”

Poppy nodded, tears welling up in her eyes. "They do. And now I don’t like going anywhere or doing anything”.

"It sounds like the hummingbird is trying to build a wall, Poppy. It builds a wall to keep out what you are afraid of, and it makes you feel safe in your room. It thinks the wall is a very safe place for you. The bad news is, walls also keep us trapped".

Queen Magnolia looked directly at Poppy, "I know what to do about this."

She stood up, and said “First, we need to name it”

“Name it?” said Poppy

"Yes, give it a name” replied Queen Magnolia. “What name is that little voice? It needs to stop hiding and let us look at it.”

“The Hum”, said Poppy “I’ll call it The Hum”

“Okay. So the Hum is building the walls.” said the Queen, "We've got to do a few things together. Tomorrow, we’re going to go back to your art lesson and draw some flowers. Then, the next day we will start playing your piano.”

“But… the royal artist will be cross and… the piano will be awful…” Poppy mumbled.

"It doesn't matter if the Royal Artist is cross," Queen Magnolia said firmly, "or whether the piano sounds perfect at first. What matters is that you face the Hum and those whispering voices. Do you know how to do that?”

Poppy shook her head.

“Well, tomorrow you tell the Hum that it’s okay to not be the best. Do it out loud. When you are working on your flowers. Say ‘Hey Hum, It’s okay if this flower looks bad’. Remember that fear likes to whisper in your ear, but you have the voice that's important.”

Poppy began, tentatively at first.

The next morning, as the Royal Artist, Madame Rose, arrived, Poppy took a deep breath and said to herself in a quiet voice, “The Hum, is the Hum trying to whisper now? Is the Hum telling me this drawing will be horrible? I’m going to draw it anyway." And then, as if she were reciting a secret spell, she said aloud, "Hey Hum, it's okay if this flower looks bad."

Madame Rose, bless her patience, looked surprised but smiled gently and continued. Poppy felt her hands tremble as she sketched the flower. She paused to listen for The Hum, and indeed, the voice chirped "It looks awful! You're ruining it!" But this time, Poppy, emboldened by her mother's words, simply replied, "I’m drawing it anyway," and kept going.

The next day, after another tea-party disaster, and still finding Pipkin did little to brighten her days, it was time to sit at the piano. Poppy was scared to begin playing, The Hum was whispering more, making it harder. She even sat back, not wanting to try. But, then she sat at the keys and took a breath. "Hum, here goes," she told herself, remembering the words her Mother told her, "This won’t be the best music". Poppy began to play and made a lot of mistakes. But, because she wasn't afraid of the mistakes, the Hum slowly stopped whispering, or at least, its voice wasn't as loud anymore. Poppy played through each mistake. When she was finished, she felt… better.

Slowly but surely, she tackled the Hum, a little bit at a time, taking steps and getting a bit of strength and confidence at each turn.

And on the night of the Royal Ball, the gingerbread gates were, indeed, beckoning! She carefully chose a dress, not because it was perfect, but because she liked the colour. As the music started, she stepped out on to the dance floor. And then she closed her eyes for just a second, taking a deep breath. Poppy then turned towards the Hummingbird Voice in her head and said: "Hey Hum, you can stop shouting at me, or else I'm going to forget you are even there. I am going to dance and you can do anything you want!"

And then she danced. She tripped a little, but laughed. Her laughter felt wonderfully real, like the jingle of the ice crystals decorating the sugar-spun walls of her castle. She laughed at her errors, and then danced some more.

The Hum began to get quieter. It didn't disappear completely, not right away. The fear would sometimes return, lurking in the shadows. But Poppy learned to recognize it, to name it, and to talk back to it, telling it to be quiet. The Hum couldn't grow.
And so, as her courage grew, so did her appreciation of things in the castle; The gardens, The library and, most of all, all the good things of life, like friends and family.

Princess Poppy's petrifying problem had turned into an opportunity, a way to discover her own bravery. The sticky, sweet fear had given her something more valuable than any tiara, any sugar-spun turret. She had gained strength. And although she was a Princess, and lived in a sugary castle, and although her greatest adventure might be trying new flavours of cake, or making friends. But the greatest adventures of all began with her own words:

“It’s okay if it isn’t perfect. I'm doing it anyway."

And she knew, with a certainty that sparkled like the crystallized cherries on her tenth birthday cake, that the Hum's days of whispering and fear were coming to an end. From that day on, Princess Poppy embraced the adventure, the challenge, the delight, and the courage in every little thing, no matter what it might be. She continued to grow in strength.