<prompt>
Please write a silly English children's story that is at least 1000 words long.
It must be completely written in proper English (EN).
Ensure that the title of the story is enclosed in <title> tags and the body of the story is enclosed in <body> tags.
Example: <title>The title of the story</title><body>The story itself</body>
Do not include any extra commentary or explanation; output only the story in the specified format.
The title of the story is: 'The Clockwork Crow and the Clocktower'.
</prompt>

<model>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</model>

<lang_id>en</lang_id>

<title>The Clockwork Crow and the Clocktower</title>
<body>
Once upon a time, nestled in the silliest part of Sillytown, stood the wonkiest clocktower you ever did see. It leaned a little to the left, coughed out puffs of brightly coloured smoke on Tuesdays, and chimed the wrong hours with surprising regularity. Atop this peculiar tower lived a clockwork crow named Corvus.

Corvus wasn't your average feathered friend. He was made of shiny brass, had springs instead of bones, and gears that ticked merrily inside his tummy. He was the creation of a very eccentric clockmaker named Professor Quentin Quibble, who had, unfortunately, lost the instructions on how to build a *proper* crow. Instead, Corvus possessed the oddest collection of quirks. He could only caw in a rhyming couplet, he ate clockwork biscuits (Professor Quibble's specialty), and he had a rather peculiar fear of rubber chickens.

Every day, Corvus had the important job of watching the clocktower and making sure the cogs and gears within didn’t get too tangled. This was tricky because, well, the clocktower was notoriously chaotic. The pendulum swung in zigzags, the clock hands whizzed backwards when it rained, and the minute hand occasionally detached itself and went for a stroll around the courtyard, chatting to the pigeons.

One Tuesday, while Corvus was meticulously polishing his brass beak (using a miniature, fluffy duster), he noticed something was amiss. A strange, bubbling purple goo was leaking from the top of the clocktower. "Oh dear me, this is a fright, purple goo is not very bright!" Corvus cawed, flapping his metal wings in alarm.

He pecked at the goo with his beak. It jiggled and wobbled like a jelly that had had one too many fizzy drinks. Suddenly, with a loud *POP!* the goo burst open, revealing… a small, fluffy, perfectly ordinary rubber chicken.

"Bawk?" squawked the rubber chicken.

Corvus let out a terrified whimper. "A rubber chicken! Oh, the dread! Run, run, my tiny metallic head!" He immediately dove into the clocktower's main clock room, landing with a clang on a large, toothed gear.

The rubber chicken, surprisingly agile for a… well, a rubber chicken… hopped after him. "Bawk! Time for fun!" it seemed to declare with its rubbery little legs.

Inside the clock room, the chaos was amplified. Gears whirred, springs sprung, and cogs clanked with a delightful symphony of absurdity. The air smelled of oil, biscuits, and… something vaguely fishy.

Corvus, hiding behind a giant pendulum that swung back and forth like a very determined metronome, watched in horror as the rubber chicken started to *play* with the clock's inner workings. It bounced on the mainspring, sending sparks flying. It pecked at the regulating mechanism, causing the clock hands to spin even faster. It even tried to eat a clockwork biscuit, got it lodged in its throat, and made a strangled “Bawk-cough-wheeze!” sound.

"This is terrible!" Corvus cawed, his voice trembling. "We're going to lose time! It will all just chime!"

He knew he had to do something. He was, after all, the clocktower's guardian, and rubber chickens were… well, they were his greatest fear. He knew he had to overcome his terror. With a deep breath (which was a bit difficult considering he didn’t actually *breathe*), he began to devise a plan.

First, he needed to distract the rubber chicken. He knew that, despite his fear, he had an innate knowledge of the perfect biscuit. He took some tiny clockwork screws and fashioned himself a clockwork whistle. He puffed his little lungs and let off a little high pitch whistle "Time for fun but what of food?" he squawked

The rubber chicken, temporarily distracted by the sound, momentarily stopped its chaos-causing.

Next, Corvus found some of Professor Quibble’s leftover materials from when he tried to make clockwork squirrels and quickly began to construct an extremely unusual distraction. With a clockwork carrot and several miniature cogs, some clockwork peanut shells he found from Professor Quibble and many hours of concentration Corvus successfully completed this project, "A clockwork carrot! A Clockwork feed and an army of Nutty seed."

The rubber chicken paused in surprise, "Bawk...What!" it stated with a confused "Bawk".

Corvus then placed the "carrot", and the peanut shells "In an instant I shall know, and down this great wall now I'll go!" Corvus chirped in excitement. With the smell of peanuts in the air and the sound of the clockwork, nuts filled the air around them.

The rubber chicken, overcome with curiosity, hopped towards the sound and began munching the peanut shells like any creature of such low wit would. Suddenly, with a strange sucking sound, the clockwork nuts caused the rubber chicken to fly away in the direction that the peanuts was being poured.

With the rubber chicken successfully distracted Corvus swiftly made his move. “While it chases the seed and has no heed. I will swiftly change everything".
With a mighty push on a lever that was designed, specifically, for rubber chickens, Corvus set the clocktower back to normal. As a reward, the clocktower would only have to reset itself one time a month instead of once every minute.

As the clock started running smoothly, Corvus was glad. He made sure to place an ample number of clockwork biscuits around the entire room, that should the rubber chicken get free and eat his biscuit, it would not be able to reach the inner workings, and cause havoc like it has before.

“Hooray for order! Back in line, my friend, the perfect chimes, begin again" Corvus chanted as he settled down to finish polishing his beak. The purple goo had vanished, the rubber chicken was now quite far away and Professor Quibble wouldn’t even have the slightest clue that he had caused the problem.

He knew, deep in his metal heart, that his work wasn't done. He had to stay alert. He had to be prepared for anything. Who knew what other mischievous entities might be lurking in Sillytown, ready to cause clock-related chaos? Perhaps a clockwork squirrel with a fondness for mayonnaise, or a team of singing gears who loved to yodel at sunrise.

Corvus, the clockwork crow, knew one thing for sure: life in the wonky clocktower of Sillytown was never, ever, going to be boring. He took out a clockwork biscuit, munched on it contently and then went back to polishing his beak while still in his gear room. Suddenly he was not alone.

"Bawk! Bawk! More peanuts!" The rubber chicken squawked from the main entrance. Corvus shuddered. He took a deep breath, rhymed and replied, "oh me oh my, back in order, but the chicken does try, so this is goodbye!".
He finished polishing his beak and began to make some more distractions for this rubber chicken's delight. This wasn't the end, no no... this was just the beginning!
</body>